Skip to main content
Newsroom
Site Search
Latest News
View all releases
Social Media
Logi PLAY
About Us
Press  Release
Blogs
Media  Contacts
Company Snapshot
A Swiss company focused on innovation and quality, Logitech designs products and experiences that have an everyday
place in people's lives. Founded in 1981 in Lausanne, Switzerland, and quickly expanding to the Silicon Valley,
Logitech started connecting people through innovative computer peripherals and many industry firsts, including the
infrared cordless mouse, the thumb-operated trackball, the laser mouse, and more.
Today, Logitech designs software-enabled hardware solutions that drive superior performance when gaming and superior
productivity while at work, all with maximum comfort, speed and accuracy. The company enables creativity when
pursuing
passions and connectivity so everyone is seen, heard and can contribute in their own unique way.
Logitech harnesses the transformative power of design to drive innovation and progress throughout its portfolio in
order
to deliver truly unique and meaningful experiences. With products available in nearly every country and more than
3.5
million items shipped each week, Logitech is dedicated to driving outcomes that are better for people and planet,
reducing its environmental impact by leading the industry in designing for sustainability.
Logitech International is a Swiss public company listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (LOGN) and on the Nasdaq Global
Select
Market (LOGI). Brands of Logitech include Logitech G, Streamlabs and Ultimate Ears.
Contact Us
For press and media inquiries, please reach out to
mediarelations@logitech.com
For investor relations inquiries, please reach out to
IR@logitech.com
For partnership inquiries, please visit
https://www.logitech.com/en-us/influencers-creators-program.html
For customer service inquiries, please visit
https://support.logi.com/hc/
About
Careers
Investors
Press
Contact
Privacy + Security
Terms of Use
Return Policy
Blog
Sustainability
Follow us on Facebook
Subscribe to us on Youtube
©
Logitech. All rights reserved |
Cookie Settings
Powered By Q4 Inc.
5.183.0.4
(opens in new window)