See the world differently
View Openings
Who We Are
WE ARE A TECHNOLOGY COMPANY
We believe the camera presents the greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate.
We contribute to human progress by empowering people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together.
Snap Inc.
the parent company of
Snapchat
, is all about enhancing real relationships between friends, family, and the world—a mission that is as true inside of our walls as well as within our products.
Our Products
Snapchat
Snapchat
is an app that empowers people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together. It's the easiest and fastest way to communicate the full range of human emotions with your friends without pressure to be popular, pretty, or perfect.
Learn More
SPECS
Create the world you want to see with SPECS — our first pair of glasses that bring augmented reality to life, redefining how we interact with and overlay computing on the world.
Learn More
Snap AR
Snap Augmented Reality enables creators around the world to revolutionize the way we create, explore, and play.
Bring your idea to life with our suite of Lens development, management, and analytic tools.
Learn More
Leaders on Culture at Snap
Hear from our leadership on what it's like to work at Snap, Inc. and how we live our values of kind, smart, and creative every day.
Our Values
We Are Kind
We operate with courage, show empathy, and instill trust through honesty and integrity.
View Benefits
We Are Smart
We solve problems through action, make high-quality decisions, and think with a strategic mindset.
View Openings
We Are Creative
We gracefully manage ambiguity, cultivate innovation, and demonstrate an insatiable desire to learn.
View Our Culture
Life at Snap
10 Most Innovative AR & VR Co. 2025
Fast Company
Why Snap and others are among Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies in augmented and virtual reality for 2025.
100 Best Places to Work
Built in Award 2025
We’re honored to be included in Built In’s Best Places to Work list! Learn more about what it’s like to work at Snap.
Belonging
Our commitment to belonging
We believe in hiring the most talented team members and creating an environment where everyone belongs
Citizen Snap
Grounded in Kindness
Our mission is to contribute to human progress by empowering people to express themselves, and live in the moment...
Benefits at Snap
Better Together
We do our best to make sure you and your loved ones have everything you need to be happy and healthy, on your own terms
Ready to join Team Snap?
View Openings
Snap's EEO Statement
At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. EOE, including disability/vets.
If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at
accommodations-ext@snap.com
.
If you are unable to access any part of the Snap online application process, we want to hear from you. Please contact us at
accommodations-ext@snap.com
or
424-214-0409
.
EEO is the Law Posters