Skip to main content
Spotify Investors
Our mission is to deliver creativity to the world -- one note, one voice, one idea at a time.
At Spotify, we focus relentlessly on building the best and most valuable experience available anywhere, enhancing every moment by connecting the world to the art and the creatives who shape it.
News
Spotify's latest updates, from partnerships to products to podcasts.
View all
For the record
For Artists
For Podcasters
For Advertisers
Life at Spotify
Load More
Press Releases
Releases related to financials, quarterly results and SEC filings.
View all
Press Releases
Releases related to financials, quarterly results and SEC filings.
View all
About Spotify
Since its launch in 2008, Spotify has revolutionised music listening. Our move into podcasting brought innovation and a new generation of listeners to the medium. In 2022, we took the next leap, entering the fast-growing audiobook market—continuing to shape the future of audio.
Today, more listeners than ever can discover, manage and enjoy over 100 million tracks, 7 million podcast titles, and 700,000 audiobooks on Spotify. We are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with 777 million users, including 300 million subscribers, in 184 markets.
Spotify News & Info
Featured Audio
Spotify: For The Record
Featured Audio
Earnings Call Replays
Featured Executive Interviews
Featured Audio
Spotify: A Product Story
Featured Audio
Another Take
Featured Audio
Spotify on Open Source Productivity, Innovation
Featured Audio
Spotify CEO Daniel Ek on Acquired
Featured Audio
Lessons from scaling Spotify with Gustav Söderström
Email Alerts
To opt-in for investor email alerts, please enter your email address in the field below and select at least one alert option. After submitting your request, you will receive an activation email to the requested email address. You must click the activation link in order to complete your subscription. You can sign up for additional alert options at any time.
At COMPANY NAME, we promise to treat your data with respect and will not share your information with any third party. You can unsubscribe to any of the investor alerts you are subscribed to by visiting the ‘unsubscribe’ section below. If you experience any issues with this process, please contact us for further assistance.
By providing your email address below, you are providing consent to COMPANY NAME to send you the requested Investor Email Alert updates.
* Required
Email Address
*
Investor Alert Options
Investor Alert Options
*
News
SEC Filings
Events
Unsubscribe
Email Alert Sign Up Confirmation
Company
About
Jobs
Communities
For Artists
Developers
Advertising
Investors
Vendors
Useful Links
Support
Web Player
Link to Spotify Instagram
Link to Spotify Twitter
Link to Spotify Facebook
Get Spotify
Legal
Privacy Policy
Cookies
About Ads