News
News & Announcements
Artists & Creators
Culture & Trends
Behind the Business
View All News
Featured
categories
Company News
Books on Spotify
Spotify Loud & Clear
2025 Wrapped
Company
About Spotify
Investors
Press Center
Life at Spotify
Safety at Spotify
Impact
Featured
categories
Time to Play Fair
Spotify Loud & Clear
Stream On
Home V2
Introducing Fresh Finds Forward: Spotify’s New Program to Champion the Next Generation of Independent Artists
The Spotify Partner Program Expands to More Than 35 New Markets
All of Taylor Swift’s Official Music Videos Are Now on Spotify
Spotify and Coach Take Self-Expression on the Road With the Tabby Tour
Reclaim Your Wrapped: You Can Now Control Whether Kids and Family Music Shapes Your Recommendations
Tune in to the Latest
Artists & Creators
Superfans Chose El Bogueto’s Setlist at Bogueto Pa’ los OG, Hosted by Spotify
News & Announcements
Spotify and Genius Bring Fans Closer to the Music With New Video Series Partnership
News & Announcements
How to Watch Music Videos First on Spotify
News & Announcements
From Country Roads to Football Anthems, These Are Spotify’s 2026 Songs of Summer
News & Announcements
The Soul Train Awards Are Coming Back, Presented by Spotify
News & Announcements
Indian Artists Are Finding Success Across More Languages, Genres, and Borders
Discover
HEATING UP
Songs of Summer 2026
Our Songs of Summer have officially arrived. Take a closer look at the tracks that defined the sound of summer 2026.
Announcements
Investor Day 2026
Hear from our leadership team as they lay out our long-term vision, strategic priorities, and the financial roadmap to get there.
SPOTIFY 20
How Spotify Reshaped the Way the World Listens, Discovers, and Connects
2026 marks 20 years of Spotify. To commemorate the milestone, we’re taking a look back at the moments that made us and celebrating with the fans, artists, and creators who made it all possible.
POP CLASSICS
100 Greatest Pop Songs of the Streaming Era
Spotify’s CLASSICS program celebrates influential music from the streaming era across genres. For this edition, our editors selected 100 pop songs that stand out for their cultural impact, musicality, and artistic expression.
Time to Play Fair
Fighting for a Fair and Open Internet
We believe companies should be able to compete to the very best of their abilities for the hearts and minds of consumers. And that consumers should have access to all the information they need to make better, more affordable choices for them and their families. Visit Time to Play Fair to learn more.
More news
Culture & Trends
EA SPORTS FC 27 Brings the Sound of a New Football Season to Spotify
Artists & Creators
New Spotify Singles Honor Iconic Women in Music for EQUAL’s 5-Year Anniversary
Artists & Creators
A Deep Dive Into Fandom and Podcasting With The Ringer’s Mallory Rubin
Artists & Creators
How Amy Poehler Became Such a ‘Good Hang’
Culture & Trends
How Summer’s Biggest Moments Shaped Listening Trends on Spotify
View all news
Spotify news in your inbox
Email Address
By clicking “Sign Up” you’ll receive occasional emails from Spotify.
You always have the choice to adjust your interest settings or unsubscribe.
Weekly Roundup
By clicking “Sign Up” you’ll receive occasional emails from Spotify. You always have the choice to adjust your interest settings or unsubscribe.