Press Releases
Etsy has used, and intends to continue using, its investor relations website and the Etsy News Blog (
blog.etsy.com/news
) to disclose material non-public information and to comply with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, you should monitor our investor relations website and the Etsy News Blog in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts.
View Etsy News Blog
May 20, 2026 4:05 pm EDT
Etsy to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference
Apr 29, 2026 7:00 am EDT
Etsy, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2026 Results
Apr 15, 2026 4:05 pm EDT
Etsy to Announce First Quarter 2026 Financial Results on April 29, 2026
View All Press Releases
Latest Financial Results
Q1 2026
Quarter Ended Mar 31, 2026
Shareholder Letter
PDF
Earnings Release
HTML
Forward Looking Statements
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This presentation contains or references forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to our financial outlook for the second quarter of 2026, the 2026 full year commentary, and the underlying assumptions; the expected timing of the closing of the Depop transaction; the momentum of our customer-centric priorities; and the future impact of our strategic investments. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “enable,” “estimate,” “expect,” “goal,” “intend,” “may,” “optimistic,” “outlook,” “plan,” “potential,” “should,” “target,” “will,” or similar expressions and derivative forms and/or the negatives of those words.
Forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expect. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to: (1) macroeconomic, geopolitical, and other events outside of our control; (2) the level of demand for our services or products sold in our marketplaces; (3) the importance to our success of the trustworthiness and safety of our marketplaces and our ability to attract and retain active and engaged communities of buyers and sellers; (4) any real or perceived inaccuracies in our operational metrics; (5) if we or our third-party providers are unable to protect against technology vulnerabilities, service interruptions, security breaches, or other cyber incidents; (6) our dependence on continued and unimpeded access to third-party services, platforms, and infrastructure; (7) operational and compliance risks related to our payments systems; (8) the global scope of our business; (9) our ability to recruit and deploy that talent effectively; (10) our ability to compete effectively; (11) our ability to enhance our current offerings and develop new offerings to respond to the changing needs of sellers and buyers; (12) risks related to our environmental, social, and governance activities and disclosures; (13) barriers to international trade and our efforts to grow our marketplace globally; (14) acquisitions, dispositions, or strategic partnerships that may prove unsuccessful or divert management attention; (15) our ability to deal effectively with fraud or other illegal activity increasingly amplified by advances in AI; and (16) litigation and evolving global legal and regulatory requirements, including privacy and data protection laws, tax laws, product liability laws, laws regulating speech and platform moderation, antitrust laws, and intellectual property and counterfeiting regulations.
These and other risks and uncertainties are more fully described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, and subsequent reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, achievements, or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will occur. Forward-looking statements represent our beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this presentation. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements.
Accept
Earnings Webcast
video
10-Q
HTML
XBRL Zip
View All Financial Information
Latest Integrated Annual Report & 10-K
For Fiscal Year Ending Dec 31, 2025
Download Report
Our Compelling Value Proposition
1
Etsy is a two-sided marketplace connecting buyers with items crafted and curated by creative entrepreneurs. We believe this differentiated value proposition resonates with both buyers and sellers, enabling us to capture a greater share of the $600 billion+ ecommerce market opportunity.*
*see our 2025 10K for further market opportunity definition
2
Etsy is executing a compelling strategy to drive long-term growth, grounded in four priorities: expanding how and where buyers discover us, matching them with items that feel personal and relevant, building loyal relationships that go beyond transactions, and further amplifying human connections on the marketplace.
3
We leverage machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) to continuously improve every customer touchpoint on our marketplace. This enables us to move faster, learn more quickly, gain efficiencies, and support our growth strategies.
4
Our capital light business model and disciplined investment approach consistently generate strong margins and free cash flow, enabling us to maintain financial strength to reinvest in growth initiatives, preserve strategic flexibility, effectively manage our financial commitments, and enhance returns to our shareholders.
5
Our experienced leadership and teams operate with a passionate focus on customer outcomes and accountability, aligning resources and investments to continuously strengthen the areas that matter most to long-term marketplace health and sustainable growth.
Stock Information
Etsy, Inc.
View Quote & Chart Information
IR Contacts
Investor Relations
Etsy, Inc.
ir@etsy.com
location_city
Company Profile
rss_feed
RSS News Feed
account_tree
Sitemap