Reach millions of buyers in Canada and around the world
Get started
Fees
Tools
Support
Stories
Selling
FAQ
Open your Etsy Shop
Join the creative marketplace where millions of shoppers spend billions each year purchasing directly from creative entrepreneurs like you.
Great value
List your first item for just 0.20 USD – you only pay transaction, payment processing, and offsite advertising fees when you make a sale.
Learn more
Powerful tools
Our tools and services make it easy to manage, promote and grow your business.
Learn more
Support and education
Reach out to Etsy support specialists anytime you need a hand, and get tips on running a successful shop in our Seller Handbook.
Learn more
Start selling today
Open your Etsy shop
Simple & secure
No additional monthly fees
Secure transactions
Automatic deposits
Seller protection
One-time shop set up fee
Once you’ve opened your shop, please note that you may be charged a one-time shop set-up fee. If you are required to pay this fee, you will see the amount due before completing your final shop set-up steps.
One-time shop set up fee
Once you’ve opened your shop, please note that you may be charged a one-time shop set-up fee. If you are required to pay this fee, you will see the amount due before completing your final shop set-up steps.
CA$0.28 Listing fee*
Listings are active for four months, or until they sell.
6.5 % Transaction fee,
3-4% + CA$0.25 payment processing fee*
When you sell an item, there's a small commission and standard payment processing fee.
15% Offsite Ads Fee*
Etsy pays to advertise your items across the web through Offsite Ads. You only pay a fee when you make a sale from one of those ads.
Learn more about advertising fees.
2.5% Currency Conversion fee
Charged on funds from your sales if your shop’s listing currency is different from the currency of your Payment account.
Learn more about setting your shop currency
0.5% Regulatory Operating fee
Etsy may need to charge this fee in certain countries where the cost of doing business has increased due to local regulations.
Learn more about the Regulatory Operating fee
We process payments on our secure, SSL-encrypted platform, and have security specialists and fraud detection systems to protect you and your buyers 24/7.
*
Listing fees are billed for $0.20 USD, so the amount in your currency may vary based on changes in the exchange rate. Payment processing fees
vary by bank country
.
* Fees vary according to the location of your bank account.
Learn more about your region’s fees
.
* Offsite advertising is optional for most sellers, but may be required based on how much you make in sales on Etsy in a 12 month period.
Visit our Help Centre
for more details on Offsite Ads fees.
Simple, powerful tools
Spend less time managing your shop and more time on the fun stuff.
Manage your business anywhere
Use the Etsy Seller app to manage orders, edit listings, and respond to buyers instantly, from anywhere.
Save big on delivery
Buy and print discounted postage for your orders in seconds, right from your Etsy account.
Create your own website in minutes
Design a custom website that's powered by your Etsy shop.
Reach a world of shoppers
Build your brand with powerful marketing tools.
Grow your following
Our tools take the guesswork out of crafting the perfect posts for Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter or Instagram.
Boost your visibility
Reach millions of shoppers on and off Etsy with our advertising tools: Etsy Ads and Offsite Ads. With Etsy Ads, your listings are more visible in Etsy search. With Offsite Ads, we’ll pay to advertise your listings on sites like Google, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, and Bing. When you make a sale from those ads, you pay an advertising fee on that sale.
Attract new customers
Create a sale or coupon to catch the eye of shoppers or reach them right in their inboxes with a targeted offer.
Help when you need it
We’re committed to helping our 1.7 million sellers thrive, with support and education for shops big and small.
Talk to us
Reach our support staff by email or request a phone call whenever you have a question.
Tips for success
Learn best practices for your business with our always-updating Seller Handbook.
Seller newsletter
Read the Etsy Success newsletter for tips on improving your shop, delivered straight to your inbox.
Get advice
Ask questions and find a community of sellers like you in Etsy’s forums and Teams.
Seller Stories
We think Etsy is pretty great but don’t take our word for it. Hear stories from our sellers about how Etsy has made a difference for them.
"My shop started out as a hobby, then a side hustle to support my teaching job. When my first son was born in 2014, I decided to grow it into a full-blown business. Selling on Etsy has given us the chance to watch our kids grow while building our business as a family."
Nicole Lewis
from
Art 2 the Extreme
Noblesville, Indiana
"I never imagined running a vintage shop could make me feel like I was bringing joy into people’s homes, but that’s what I’ve come to experience. I love that it feels like a very personal experience both as a shopper and seller."
Alva Mac Gowan
from
Copenhagen Collected
Copenhagen
"As a mother of three African-American kids, I felt a drive to create something for my children, and children like them, who were unaccustomed to seeing their likenesses in toys. One of my greatest joys when I launched m5y shop was to have my children come in, glance at my prints, and ask ‘Oh! Is that me?’"
Shaina Adams
from
Paper Play + Wonder
San Antonio, Texas
"Sitting down at my workbench to create continues to be my lifeline. My business has continued to grow, and that success is affirming of the bet I made to follow this path at age 45."
Micha González
from
Micha González
Mexico City
What can you sell on Etsy?
Etsy is the marketplace for original items from real people. We believe that every item should have a human touch and reflect the creativity of our community. You can sell unique items that you made, designed, handpicked, or sourced, as described in our
Creativity Standards
. To learn more, review our
Seller Policy
.
Frequently Asked Questions
Here are some common questions about selling on Etsy.
How do fees work on Etsy?
There are three basic selling fees: a listing fee, a transaction fee, and a payment processing fee. There’s also an advertising fee for sales that come from Offsite Ads.
It costs CA$0.28 to publish a listing to the marketplace. A listing lasts for four months or until the item is sold. Once an item sells, there is a 6.5% transaction fee on the sale price (including the postage price you set). If you accept payments through Etsy Payments, we also collect a 3-4% + CA$0.25 payment processing fee when an item is sold.
Listing fees are billed for $0.20 USD, so if your bank's currency is not USD, the amount may differ based on changes in the exchange rate. The payment processing fee may also
vary by bank country
.
You pay an advertising fee on any sales you make from Offsite Ads. When you open your Etsy shop, you can decide if you want to participate in Etsy’s advertising services.
Learn more
What do I need to do to create a shop?
It's easy to set up a shop on Etsy. Create an Etsy account (if you don’t already have one), set your shop location and currency, choose a shop name, create a listing, set a payment method (how you want to be paid), and finally set a billing method (how you want to pay your Etsy fees).
Learn more
How do I get paid?
With Etsy Payments, our easy-to-use and secure payment system, you may accept payments from a wide variety of payment methods including credit and debit cards, PayPal, Google Wallet, Apple Pay, and Etsy Gift Cards. Funds from your sales are deposited directly to your bank account in your currency, no matter how or from where the buyer pays. For sellers based in countries where Etsy Payments is available via Payoneer, funds from your sales will be
deposited into your Payoneer account
.
Learn more
How does Etsy protect sellers?
Eligible purchases made using Etsy Payments qualify for
Etsy Purchase Protection
. This means that Etsy will refund buyers and you’ll keep your earnings if a qualifying order is damaged or doesn’t arrive.
Terms apply
.
What can I sell on Etsy?
Buyers come to our marketplace to purchase items that they might not find anywhere else, or to spark their own creativity. Everything listed for sale on Etsy must be made, designed, handpicked, or sourced by a seller, as described in our
Creativity Standards
. If you’re not sure whether your item can be sold on Etsy, review our
Seller Policy
.
Want more information? Here are some resources to help you get started.
Seller Handbook
Etsy Teams in Canada
Still have more questions? Feel free to contact us.
Contact Etsy
Ready to start selling?
In just a few minutes your shop can be open for business.
Open your Etsy shop
Photos featuring:
hereandnowshop
StudioLiscious
noemiah
thiefandbanditkids
Bixipix
PickleandCo
StarfishandRose
StrikingThirteen
FashionTouchSupplies
kirikipress
OhhhLuluSews
pancakeandlulu
Truvelle
Privacy Settings
Etsy uses cookies and similar technologies to give you a better experience, enabling things like:
basic site functions
ensuring secure, safe transactions
secure account login
remembering account, browser, and regional preferences
remembering privacy and security settings
analysing site traffic and usage
personalised search, content, and recommendations
helping sellers understand their audience
showing relevant, targeted ads on and off Etsy
Detailed information can be found in Etsy's
Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy
and our
Privacy Policy
.
Required Cookies & Technologies
Some of the technologies we use are necessary for critical functions like security and site integrity, account authentication, security and privacy preferences, internal site usage and maintenance data, and to make the site work correctly for browsing and transactions.
Always on
Personalised Advertising
To enable personalised advertising (like interest-based ads), we may share your data with our marketing and advertising partners using cookies and other technologies. Those partners may have their own information they’ve collected about you. Turning off the personalised advertising setting won’t stop you from seeing Etsy ads, but it may make the ads you see less relevant or more repetitive.
Personalised advertising may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of information under California and other state privacy laws, and you may have a right to opt out. Turning off personalised advertising allows you to exercise your right to opt out. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy
,
Help Centre
, and
Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy
.
On
Saved
Done