Skip to content
OUR MISSION
Build the future of human connection and the technology that makes it possible
Our principles
Meta is building technology that connects you to people, interests and experiences that matter to you. Our principles embody what we stand for and guide our approach to how we build.
Give people a voice
People deserve to be heard and to have a voice — even when that means defending the rights of people we disagree with.
Build connection and community
Our services help people connect, and when they’re at their best, they bring people closer together.
Serve everyone
We work to make technology accessible to everyone, and our business model is ads so our services can be free.
Keep people safe and protect privacy
We have a responsibility to promote the best of what people can do together by keeping people safe and preventing harm.
Promote economic opportunity
Our tools level the playing field so businesses grow, create jobs and strengthen the economy.
Our history
When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta has moved beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences in mixed reality and innovation with AI to help build the next evolution in social technology. See how Meta has grown over time:
Join us
At Meta, we want you to build a career where you’re challenged, valued and learning from the best. Join us to build the future of human connection and the technology that makes it possible.
Explore Meta Careers
Working at Meta
The Meta Careers blog lets you understand more about our work and gain personal insight from the people at Meta as you navigate your own career journey.
Learn about life at Meta
Research at Meta
Whether you're a postdoc looking for a full-time research position or a PhD candidate interested in a short-term internship, you can push the boundaries and turn ideas into innovation at Meta.
Learn about our research opportunities
Catch up on the latest news
See more at Newsroom
MORE ABOUT META
Discover more about our leadership
Our leadership
Connect in new ways with our products
Our technologies