Leadership
Get more information on our senior leaders and members of our Board of Directors.
Meet the team
SHARE
FACTSHEET
LEADERSHIP
HISTORY
MEDIA ROOM
COMPLIANCE & ETHICS
Booking Holdings Management
Glenn Fogel
has served as our Chief Executive Officer and President since January 2017 and the Chief Executive Officer of Booking.com since June 2019. Previously, he served as our Head of Worldwide Strategy and Planning from November 2010 to December 2016 and as our Executive Vice President, Corporate Development, from March 2009 to December 2016. Mr. Fogel joined us in February 2000. Prior to that, he was a trader at a global asset management firm and prior to that was an investment banker specializing in the air transportation industry. Mr. Fogel is a member of the New York State Bar (retired).
Peter J. Millones Jr
.
has been our General Counsel since January 2001 and our Executive Vice President since April 2003. He previously served as our Vice President and Associate General Counsel from March 2000 to January 2001 and as our Corporate Secretary from March 2021 to January 2022 and January 2001 to April 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Millones was with the law firm of Latham & Watkins LLP.
Ewout Steenbergen
has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since March 15, 2024. Previously he served as EVP, Chief Financial Officer at S&P Global Inc. (“S&P”), a financial information and analytics company, since 2016. Mr. Steenbergen was also appointed as President, Engineering Solutions in 2022 when S&P merged with IHS Markit, and led Kensho Technologies, an artificial intelligence company, since 2018. Prior to his role with S&P, Mr. Steenbergen served as Executive Vice President and CFO of Voya Financial, Inc., a financial services company. He served as Chair of the Board of Directors of UNICEF USA until June 2024 and remains a member of the Board of Directors and Envoy at Large. He also serves on the Board of Directors of AXA Group (France), as of January 1, 2025.
Paulo Pisano
has served as our Chief Human Resources Officer since August 2021 and as Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer of Booking.com since March 2020. Prior to joining Booking.com, Mr. Pisano was the Chief People Officer at Galp, a globally integrated energy company, from December 2015. Previously, he served as the SVP and Chief Talent Officer at Pearson, an education publishing and learning assessment company, following his post as Head of Organizational Effectiveness at Barclays.
Booking Holdings Brand Leaders
Glenn D. Fogel
is Booking.com’s Chief Executive Officer, responsible for the company’s global strategy and operations, including the management of all business units within the organization. Glenn also serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Booking Holdings, the parent company of Booking.com and other digital brands, a position he has held since January 2017. Prior to his current roles, Glenn served as Booking Holdings’ Head of Worldwide Strategy and Planning, where he led major strategic initiatives including the key acquisitions of Booking.com, KAYAK, OpenTable, RentalCars.com and Agoda.com. He also served as the Executive Vice President of the Corporate Development division, responsible for worldwide mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances. Prior to joining Booking Holdings in February 2000, Glenn was a trader at a global asset management firm and prior to that, he began his career as an investment banker specializing in the air transportation industry. Mr. Fogel is a retired member of the New York State Bar. Fogel is a graduate of Harvard Law School and earned a Bachelor of Science in Economics degree from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School.
Brigit Zimmerman
is the Chief Executive Officer of Priceline. She most recently served as Chief Commercial Officer at Priceline, a role she assumed in 2022 after joining the company in 2013. A seasoned travel industry leader, Brigit has been pivotal in advancing Priceline’s go-to-market strategy and driving transformative innovation across its travel verticals, while successfully leading the integration of multiple acquisitions. She previously held a leadership role at United Airlines and holds an MBA from Indiana University’s Kelley School of Business.
Peer Bueller
is the CEO of KAYAK, a unit of Booking Holdings. A 14-year veteran of the company, Peer previously served as CFO & COO of KAYAK, overseeing all aspects of the company’s Finance, People & Culture, and Commercial teams. Peer also served as CFO of OpenTable and prior to that, a senior member of Booking.com’s finance team, leading FP&A. He graduated from the University of Amsterdam with both a BSc and MSc in financial economics.
Omri Morgenshtern
has been Agoda’s Chief Executive Officer since July 2022. Mr. Morgenshtern served as Agoda’s Chief Operating Officer from 2018 – 2022, before which he served as the company’s Chief Product Officer. Mr. Morgenshtern joined Agoda in 2014, prior to which he held the role of co-founder and CEO of Qlika, an award-winning UpWest Labs, which was acquired by Booking Holdings Inc. in 2014. Mr. Morgenshtern received an M.S. Magna Cum Laude in Physics from Tel Aviv University and B.S. Cum Laude in Physics, Computer Science and Mathematics from The Hebrew University.
Debby Soo
is the Chief Executive Officer of OpenTable, bringing expertise in product-first commercialization, strategic partnerships and international growth. She has spent the past ten years building KAYAK’s travel commercial team, establishing the APAC business, and then overseeing global business development for both KAYAK and OpenTable. In addition to managing the company’s revenue-generating activities and relationships with airlines, hotels and car renters,
Debby
has worked in various roles across business development and product marketing, including launching KAYAK Brazil and KAYAK Canada, running KAYAK’s affiliate marketing program, and mobile marketing activities.
Debby
is a graduate of Stanford University and has an MBA from MIT Sloan School of Management.
Board of Directors
Robert J. Mylod Jr.
has served on our Board since May 2017, as Chair of our Board since June 2020, and as a member of our Talent & Compensation Committee since June 2018. Mr. Mylod is the Managing Partner of Annox Capital Management, a private investment firm that he founded in 2013. From 1999 to 2011, Mr. Mylod held several roles with us, including Vice Chair, Head of Worldwide Strategy and Planning, and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining us, Mr. Mylod was a Principal at Stonington Partners, a private equity investment firm. Mr. Mylod has served as executive chair of the board of directors of Vroom, Inc., a tech-enabled automobile retailer, since May 2022. He has been a member of Vroom’s board of directors and also chair of Vroom’s audit committee and a member of its compensation committee since 2015. Mr. Mylod was a member of the board of Freightos, LTD, an international freight booking and payment platform, from 2014 through 2023. He was the chair of the Board of Redfin, a tech-enabled real estate brokerage, from 2016 to 2020 and also a member of Redfin’s audit committee from 2013 to 2018. From 2014 to 2021, Mr. Mylod served as a member of the board of directors of Dropbox, Inc., a company that specializes in data file sharing and storage, and served as a member of Dropbox’s audit committee and compensation committee. He also serves on the board of directors of several privately held companies.
Glenn Fogel
has served as our Chief Executive Officer and President since January 2017 and the Chief Executive Officer of Booking.com since June 2019. Previously, he served as our Head of Worldwide Strategy and Planning from November 2010 to December 2016 and as our Executive Vice President, Corporate Development, from March 2009 to December 2016. Mr. Fogel joined us in February 2000. Prior to that, he was a trader at a global asset management firm and prior to that was an investment banker specializing in the air transportation industry. Mr. Fogel is a member of the New York State Bar (retired).
Dr. Mirian M. Graddick-Weir, Ph.D,
has served on our Board since June 2018 and as Chair of our Talent & Compensation Committee since June 2019. Dr. Graddick-Weir was the Executive Vice President of Human Resources at Merck & Co., Inc. from 2008 until November 2018, where she led human resources for one of the leading pharmaceutical companies in the world. Dr. Graddick-Weir served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources of Merck from September 2006 to January 2008. Prior to joining Merck, she served as Executive Vice President of Human Resources and Employee Communications of AT&T from 2004 to 2006 and served as its Executive Vice President of Human Resources from 1999 to 2004. Dr. Graddick-Weir was responsible for the design, planning and administration of all Human Resources functions, including compensation, benefits, recruiting and training, for AT&T’s 47,000 employees. She joined AT&T in 1981. She currently serves as Chair of Yum! Brands’ nominating and corporate governance committee and as a member of its management planning and development committees.
Kelly Grier
has served on our Board and as a member of our Audit Committee since November 2023. Ms. Grier served as the Chair and CEO of EY-US and Managing Partner for the Americas region from 2018 until her retirement in 2022. She also served as the Chair of EY’s U.S. Board and as a member of the EY Global Executive and Global Practice Group during that time. Prior to this, Ms. Grier served as the Vice Chair of Talent and in various other roles throughout the Americas and the Central Region since she started at EY in 1991, including as an SEC Audit Partner. Ms. Grier has served on the board of Illinois Tool Works Inc., a global industrial company, since 2022, where she is a member of its Audit and Finance Committees, and CDW Corporation, a provider of integrated IT solutions, since 2023, where she is a member of its Audit and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. She is also a senior advisor to the private equity firm Permira Advisors and serves as a director of a number of private and not-for-profit organizations including Zendesk, Chief Executives for Corporate Purpose, and Global Forestation Generation.
Ms. Grier is a Certified Public Accountant.
Charles H. Noski
has served on our Board since March 2015, as Lead Independent Director since June 2020, as a member of our Audit Committee since June 2020, as Chair of our Corporate Governance Committee since June 2020, and previously served as Chair of our Audit Committee from June 2016 to June 2020. In 2012, Mr. Noski retired as a Vice Chairman of Bank of America Corporation, to which he was named after previously serving as that company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to this, Mr. Noski served as Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Vice President and as a member of the board of directors of Northrop Grumman Corporation. Prior to Northrop Grumman, he was Vice Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Financial Officer of AT&T Corporation. Before that, Mr. Noski led Hughes Electronics Corporation in various senior executive roles, including as Vice Chairman and President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Noski worked at Deloitte & Touche LLP for 17 years from 1973 to 1990 and he was named Partner in 1983. Mr. Noski was elected to the board of directors of Wells Fargo & Company in 2019, served as chairman of the Wells Fargo board from March 2020 to August 2021, also chaired its governance and nominating committee and its audit committee, and retired from the board in 2021. In 2020, Mr. Noski was elected to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise board and is a member of its finance and investment committee and its nominating and governance committee. In 2022, Mr. Noski was appointed to the board of directors of MIO Partners, Inc. and serves on the risk committee and the audit committee. From 2003 to 2019, Mr. Noski served as a member of the board of directors of Microsoft Corporation and was the chairman of Microsoft’s audit committee and a member of its governance and nominating committee. Mr. Noski was also Chairman of the board of trustees of the Financial Accounting Foundation from 2016 to 2019 and a former member of the board of directors of the National Association of Corporate Directors.
Larry Quinlan
has served on our Board since October 2022 and as Chair of our Cybersecurity Subcommittee since March 2023. Mr. Quinlan served as Global Chief Information Officer for Deloitte from 2010 through 2021, responsible for all facets of technology strategy and operations and leading over 10,000 IT professionals in 175 countries, and in various other roles since he started at Deloitte in 1988. During his time at Deloitte, Mr. Quinlan oversaw major client relationships and advised company boards and CEOs on a wide range of IT, cybersecurity, and digital strategic priorities. He has over 35 years of experience as a technology leader. Mr. Quinlan currently serves on the boards of Jones Lang LaSalle, a global commercial real estate services company, and ServiceNow, a software company that develops a digital transformation platform. Mr. Quinlan serves as the non-executive chairman of the board of directors of Hexaware Technologies Ltd, a global digital and technology services company. He also serves on the board of directors of several privately held companies and non-profit organizations.
Lynn Vojvodich Radakovich
has served on our Board since January 2016, as a member of our Corporate Governance Committee since October 2016, and as a member of our Talent & Compensation Committee since June 2020. Ms. Vojvodich Radakovich is an advisor to start-up and growth-stage technology companies. She served as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Salesforce from 2013 to February 2017. Before joining Salesforce, Ms. Vojvodich Radakovich was a partner at Andreessen Horowitz, a leading venture capital firm, where she helped companies build their go-to-market strategies. Previously, she was the Chief Marketing Officer at Terracotta Inc., a leader in in-memory and cloud-enabling technology. Ms. Vojvodich Radakovich has also served in various roles at organizations including Bain & Company and Microsoft. Ms. Vojvodich Radakovich has served as a member of the board of directors of Dell Technologies since April 2019 and is the chair of the compensation committee and member of the audit committee. She has served as a member of the board of directors of Ford Motor Company since 2017 and is chair of the compensation committee, talent and culture committee and member of the nominating & governance and sustainability, innovation & policy committees. She has served as a director of Figma, a privately held cloud-based design software company, since December 2019. Ms. Vojvodich Radakovich began her career as a mechanical engineer in a hard hat working on the design and construction of Gulfstream jets and offshore oil structures.
Nicholas J. Read
has served on our Board since June 2018 and as a member of our Audit Committee since June 2019 and Cybersecurity Subcommittee since March 2023.  Mr. Read has served as the executive chairman of EXA Infrastructure, a digital infrastructure company, since 2023, and has served as a senior advisor to Global Infrastructure Partners, an infrastructure investor a part of BlackRock, Inc., since 2023. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Vodafone Group Plc, a multinational communications company, from October 2018 to December 2022, was a member of its board of directors from 2014 to 2022, and an advisor from December 2022 to March 2023. Prior to becoming its Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Read served as Group Chief Financial Officer of Vodafone Group Plc April 2014 to July 2018. Since joining Vodafone in 2001, Mr. Read has held a variety of senior roles, including Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer of Vodafone Limited, the U.K. operating company. Prior to becoming Group Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Read served as Regional Chief Executive Officer for Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific for five years and was a board member of the Vodafone publicly-traded subsidiaries Vodacom, Safaricom and Vodafone Qatar and Vodafone’s joint ventures VHA in Australia and Indus Towers in India. Prior to joining Vodafone, he held senior global finance positions with United Business Media Plc and Federal Express Worldwide. Mr. Read serves on the board of directors of several privately held companies including Radius Global Infrastructure, Oak Consortium Holdco Ltd., Manchester Met University, and nLighten, where he serves as chairman. Mr. Read is a Fellow Chartered Management Accountant and a Chartered Global Management Accountant.
Thomas E. Rothman
has served on our Board since January 2013 and as a member of our Corporate Governance Committee since June 2020. Mr. Rothman has served as Chairman of Sony Pictures Entertainment Motion Picture Group since March 2015, where he oversees Columbia Pictures, TriStar Pictures, Imageworks and Sony Pictures Animation, along with other entities.In June 2021, he was promoted to Chairman and CEO of Sony Pictures Entertainment Motion Picture Group. From September 2013 to February 2015, Mr. Rothman was Chairman of TriStar Productions. Previously, Mr. Rothman served as Chairman of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., a media company and subsidiary of News Corp. from 2000 to 2005 and as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 2005 to 2012. Mr. Rothman served as President of Twentieth Century Fox Film Group from January 2000 to August 2000, and served as President of Twentieth Century Fox Production from 1995 to 2000. In 1994, Mr. Rothman founded and served as President of Fox Searchlight Pictures. Prior to that, he served as President of Worldwide Production for the Samuel Goldwyn Company from 1989 to 1994. Mr. Rothman also served as an associate and then partner with Frankfurt, Kurnit, Klein & Selz, a law firm, from 1982 to 1987. Mr. Rothman is a member of the boards of the California Institute of the Arts and Brown University (emeritus). He previously served as a member of the National Council of the Arts, the governing body for the National Endowment for the Arts, and since February 2022 he serves on the board of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
Sumit Singh
has served on our Board since June 2022 and as a member of our Compensation Committee since June 2023. Mr. Singh has served as Chief Executive Officer of Chewy, Inc. since March 2018 following seven months serving as Chief Operating Officer of Chewy, and has served as a director of Chewy since April 2019. In 2019, he led the company through its initial public offering. Prior to joining Chewy, Mr. Singh held senior leadership positions at Amazon where from 2015 to 2017, he served as Worldwide Director of Amazon’s Consumables businesses (fresh and pantry) and, from 2013 to 2015, as General Manager for Amazon’s North American merchant fulfillment and third-party businesses. Prior to Amazon, Mr. Singh served in senior management positions at Dell Technologies Inc.
Vanessa A.
Wittman
has served on our Board since June 2019, as the Chair of our Audit Committee since June 2020, and as a member of our Cybersecurity Subcommittee since March 2023. Ms. Wittman was the Chief Financial Officer of Glossier, an online beauty product company, until May 2022 and served as an advisor to Glossier until December 2022. She previously served as Chief Financial Officer of Oath, a subsidiary of Verizon, during 2018. Ms. Wittman served as Chief Financial Officer of Dropbox from 2015 to 2016 and as Chief Financial Officer of Motorola Mobility, a subsidiary of Google, from 2012 to 2014. From 2008 to 2012, Ms. Wittman served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Marsh & McLennan Companies, a global professional services firm. Prior to Marsh & McLennan, Ms. Wittman held a number of other senior finance roles. Ms. Wittman has served as a member of the board of directors for American International Group, Inc. since 2023, and is the risk committee chair. Ms. Wittman serves on the board of directors of Impossible Foods Inc., a privately held sustainable foods company, and is the audit committee chair. Since 2021, Ms. Wittman has also served as a member of the board of directors of Oscar Health and as its audit committee chair. From 2014 to 2019, Ms. Wittman was a member of the board of directors of Ulta Beauty, a cosmetics and beauty supply retailer, and served on its audit committee.
Kurt Sievers
has served on our Board since April 2026. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of NXP Semiconductors N.V. from 2020 until his retirement in 2025. He previously served as President beginning in 2018 and joined NXP’s Executive Management Team in 2009. During his tenure, he helped shape the company’s long‑term strategy and led major initiatives including the acquisition of Marvell’s Wi‑Fi Connectivity Business Unit in 2019 and the 2015 merger of NXP and Freescale Semiconductor. Mr. Sievers currently serves on the board of directors of Capgemini SE and is a member of its Strategy & CSR and Compensation Committees. He also serves on the supervisory board of Daimler Truck Holding AG, a commercial vehicle manufacturer.
SHARE