This website uses cookies that are necessary to deliver an enjoyable experience and ensure
its correct functionality and cannot be turned off. Optional cookies are used to improve the page with analytics, by
clicking “Yes, I accept” you consent to this use of cookies.
Learn more
I do not accept
Yes, I accept
Open Roles
Get the App
Careers
Early Talent
Talent Community
Build the Future of Finance
Browse Openings
Our mission is to democratize finance for all.
An estimated $124 trillion of assets
will be inherited by younger generations in the next two decades. The largest transfer of wealth in human history. Join us if you’d like to be at the epicenter of this historic cultural and financial shift.
We are building an elite team, applying frontier technologies to the world’s biggest financial problems.
“Technology is rapidly disrupting the financial services industry. In this technological competition, victory will go to the sharpest and most hardcore team.”
Vlad Tenev
Co-Founder and CEO
How we build
We are a collaborative, intensely driven team operating at the highest level of performance.  This isn’t a place for the complacent. It’s where ambition makes ideas a reality and careers accelerate at full speed. Here's what you'll find if you join us:
Ethics and compliance are at the center of what we do.
We hold ourselves to the highest standards of ethics and regulatory compliance, as we know customer trust is
hard earned and easily lost. See our Code of Conduct
here
.
We operate with an extreme sense of urgency.
The world's not slowing down, and neither are we. Working here is intense, urgent, and fast-moving by design.
We run toward hard problems and push through all-out sprints for purposeful work that makes real-world impact in
weeks, not years.
We believe in doing more with less.
Our hiring and promotions aren't about who's led the biggest team, but
who's led lean teams to big results. We care about execution, not title. Prioritizing delivery over
hierarchy helps us operate more like a start-up, even at our scale.
Bureaucracy won't slow you down.
We're builders. We eliminate barriers to direct feedback and are allergic to unnecessary processes. It may
sound simple, but time is too valuable to waste - for our teams and especially for our customers.
Expectations are high; excellence is rewarded.
Our talent programs are designed to
recognize and motivate high performance. The exceptionally talented people who thrive here are chasing impact,
not status. They're here to build, deliver and consistently raise the bar.
Hear from our team
Hear from our team
“We’re not dragging outdated legacy systems into the future — we’re built on a modern stack, using the best technology.”
“It’s intense, but in the best way. We move fast because we care deeply about what we ship.”
– Tanya D.,
Crypto
– Tam B.,
Engineering
“You’ll never hear ‘that’s not my job’ around here. Everyone’s in it together
—when we win, it’s as a team.”
“Hard questions aren’t a threat here — they’re expected. Everyone’s hands-on and good ideas win over big egos.”
– Oren N.,
Customer Experience
– Gina P.,
Brokerage
What We Value at Robinhood
Insane Customer Focus
Insane Customer Focus
Our customers are why we exist. We listen to them, design for their needs, and aim to make our user
experience elegant and intuitive.
We put what's best for customers at the center of decision-making, bringing them the best in technology
coupled with real value. When there are customer pain points, we fix them quickly.
High Performance
High Performance
We operate with extreme urgency. We push for progress without compromising quality-and when something is
broken, we fix it. We're driven by impact and pride ourselves in our ability to be nimble and quickly
adjust our strategy when presented with new information. Friction and obstacles don't deter us from
pursuing what's truly important.
Safety Always
Safety Always
Trust is hard earned and easily lost. We take responsibility for our customers' finances seriously. We
are compliant, approach risks thoughtfully, and never compromise trust for speed.
One Robinhood
One Robinhood
We're all invested in the same mission. We earn each other's trust through honesty, inclusion, and
respect - because finger-pointing never does the trick. We invite contrary perspectives, support each
other, and debate with energy and kindness. Once decisions are made, we move in unison with ownership and
accountability, powered by the thrill of building something great together.
Participation is Power
Participation is Power
We level the playing field. We started a movement, breaking barriers so everyone—not just the wealthy—can
access the financial system. The elites always find a way to get nicer things, which means our job to
"democratize finance for all" may never be complete — which is what makes it so fun.
First-Principles Thinking
First-Principles Thinking
When we want to lead, we lead. We're innovators and problem solvers. Rather than iterating on the past,
we start from first principles, questioning assumptions and finding creative solutions from square one. We
use data, empirical truth, and experiments to inform decisions. Our bold bets often make us a first mover,
and we do what's right for customers - even if it hasn't been done before.
Lean and Disciplined
Lean and Disciplined
We do more with less. Constraint drives us to innovate through scalable technology-not excess resources.
We set ambitious goals, benchmark performance, and weigh trade offs before changing course. We respect
each other's time by reducing toil and bureaucracy. And by keeping costs low and efficiency high, we
deliver exceptional value customers can't find anywhere else.
We Invest in Top Talent
We're making Robinhood the best place to build with AI by investing heavily in top-tier tools and continuous skill-building for every employee, technical or not. Here you are empowered to learn and accelerate your impact using AI.
Your Growth
Challenging work that becomes a force multiplier on your career
Own high-impact work from the start
Tackle tough problems that actually matter
Build with top talent and learn from the best
Learn fast in a culture that values direct feedback
Your Lifestyle
Best-in-class benefits to fuel your work
Best-in-class medical, dental, vision
Lifestyle wallet - a highly flexible benefits spending account
401(k) matching
Commuter stipends
Life & disability insurance
Fertility benefits
Parental leave
Mental health benefits
Tax-advantaged accounts
Paid time off to recharge
*Rewards vary by employment type/location.
Your Rewards
Outsized rewards for outsized performance
Performance-driven compensation; multipliers for exceptional impact
Bonus programs tied to business and individual results
Ownership through equity + Employee Stock Purchase Program
401(k) Matching
*Rewards vary by employment type/location.
Your Community
Collaborative, inclusive workplace to drive connection and empower performance
Internal communities like Employee Resource Groups and Clubs
Culture of direct feedback with tools to support it
Environment where all perspectives are valued across levels
Community involvement, and volunteer time off
Environment, Social, and Governance
practices and reporting
Your Office Life
Exceptional office experience to unlock the power of in-person work
Excellent food, snacks, and catered meals
Events and offsites
Regular connections with leadership, like weekly All Hands
Comfortable workspaces that spark innovation
Most roles are office-based with locations in:
Menlo Park, CA
New York, NY
Denver, CO
Westlake, TX
Chicago, IL
Lake Mary, FL
Clearwater, FL
Gainesville, FL
Bellevue, WA
Vilnius, LT
London, UK (Industrious)
Singapore (WeWork)
Toronto, ON (WeWork)
Ljubljana, SL (Bitstamp by Robinhood)
Maribor, SL (Bitstamp by Robinhood)
Luxembourg (Bitstamp by Robinhood)
We don’t chase the future
of finance, we define it.
And we’re just getting started.
We don’t chase the future of finance, we define it. And we’re just getting started.
Join our team
Filter by:
All categories
All categories
All locations
Sorry, no jobs were found for that criteria.
Don’t see the role that you’re looking for?
Stay up to date on the latest happenings at Robinhood and get notified when we post new job opportunities that match your interests.
Join our Talent Community
Follow us on
Robinhood takes pride in being an equal opportunity employer in the regions where we operate.
Robinhood Markets, Inc. and our global business entities are proud to be equal opportunity employers. We do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, neurotype, disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation or any other category protected by local law.
If you need additional assistance throughout the hiring process related to a health condition or there is something our team can do to enable a more accessible experience, please notify our team by completing this
Applicant Accommodation Form
.
Review our commitment to inclusivity and equal access through our
Canada General Integrated Accessibility Standards Policy.
Under the U.S. Transparency in Coverage act, Robinhood is required to provide U.S. pricing information to U.S. consumers before they receive care under our insurance plans. To review Robinhood’s U.S. medical insurance pricing structure, please click here:
https://transparency-in-coverage.collectivehealth.com/index.html
.
To learn more about how we process your personal information and your rights in regards to your personal information as a Robinhood Applicant, please visit our
Robinhood Applicant Privacy Policy page
.
About Robinhood
Robinhood Markets, Inc. (NASDAQ: HOOD) is a global leader in financial services offering retail brokerage, crypto, advisory, digital banking services, and private markets access to a new generation of investors.
Additional information about Robinhood can be found at
www.robinhood.com
.
© 2026 Robinhood. All rights reserved.
Careers
Early Talent
Open Roles
Talent Community