Skip to content
Our People:
THE WORLD OF WMG
Our global team is made up of knowledgeable, passionate, and creative individuals.
We strive to set WMG apart by embracing originality and innovation, while creating a nurturing environment for artists, songwriters, and the people behind the music – at every stage of their careers.
We believe in each individual’s value and encourage applications from people of any age, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, religion, ethnicity, disability, veteran status, and any other characteristic or identity. Join us as a part of one of the most influential forces in culture today.
U.S. Careers
Global Careers
Technology Careers
We are also dedicated to establishing strategic opportunities to engage with early career professionals. Our aim is to equip them with the essential skills needed to begin successful careers within the music industry.
Emerging Talent Associate Program
Ethics & Compliance
Our Code of Conduct (CoC) ensures that we uphold the highest business standards. It reflects who we are and guides our actions, especially in ethically questionable situations. We also have a robust compliance training program that covers a wide range of topics. Our collective commitment maintains our reputation as a leader in both the music industry and the global business community.
Code of Conduct
Our IMPACT:
WMG IN THE WORLD
At Warner Music Group, everything we do is built upon our values of Curiosity, Collaboration, and Commitment.
Through advocacy, philanthropic partnerships, and community engagement, we drive positive change and address challenges that are top of mind for our industry. The $100 million Warner Music Group / Blavatnik Family Foundation Social Justice Fund was established in June 2020 to support organizations that work to better communities across the globe through education, criminal justice reform, and cultural and performing arts.
As a global leader in music and culture, we recognize the importance of leading by example to reduce our environmental impact in the world. We are also committed to empowering our artists to connect with fans in ways that reflect their shared passion for sustainability. WMG aligns with global efforts to reduce GHG emissions and is committed to sourcing 100% renewable energy for our operations by 2030.
2025 Impact Report
Social Justice Fund
Amsterdam, Netherlands
Los Angeles, US
Barra da Tijuca, Rio de Janeiro
Oslo, Norway
Rio de Janiero, Brazil
Beijing, China
Nashville, US
Madrid, Spain
New York, US
Singapore
Milan, Italy
London, England
OUR OFFICES
We operate in more than 70 countries around the world, with offices that are hubs of innovation and collaboration.
Click to view
Close map
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to our employees and applicants for employment, to ensure that individuals with disabilities, sincerely held religious beliefs, or other classifications protected by applicable law, have equitable access to all employment opportunities. If you are an applicant who needs an accommodation in order to complete an employment application, to use or access
www.wmg.com/careers
or to do anything else during any phase of the hiring process, please contact us at
[email protected]
with the subject line: “Accommodation Request.”
Back to top