Welcome to On
We're a global sportswear brand defined by innovation. Like to carve your own path? Us too. We're here to challenge the status quo!
Discover our open roles
Our mission is to ignite the human spirit through movement.
Call it the mind-body connection: we believe movement unlocks potential. It fuels energy and passion. Enables progress. Beats personal bests. Defies limits. That’s what we strive for – through the products we make, the communities we‘re building and the stories we tell.
Learn more about us
Our mission is to ignite the human spirit through movement. video
Olivier
Founder
The athlete spirit taught me many good things… Pick the biggest challenge, learn relentlessly, celebrate mistakes, be extremely resilient, adapt to new environments and circumstances. And probably most important to me… to make people successful around me.
Our Spirits are our values
They define On’s culture – who we are, what we do and how we do it. These are the principles that guide us and the actions we celebrate. We wouldn't be us without them.
Discover our Spirits
Maybe it is the athlete in us, but we love a good stat:
4586
teammates around the world
10
offices with 47 different languages spoken (Interested in linguistic expansion? Choose your adventure.)
Explore our offices
75
DTC retail stores globally
Explore retail opportunities
85%
of our people agree: “I can be my authentic self at work.”
48%
of our global team are women, as are 43% of our leadership. Through our rapid growth, we’ve maintained our gender equity.
Find out more about D&I
75+
organizations supported across the globe through Right To Run in 2024. 84% of our polyester fibers came from recycled or renewable resources in 2024 and 80% of cotton and cellulosics in apparel and accessories came from preferred sources.
Learn more about Impact and Sustainability
The On story.
From three friends with one goal, to more than 4500 teammates with a shared dream...
See story
A start-up from Switzerland is challenging global giants.
From making shoes that 'run on clouds'...
...to launching world-first technologies like Lightspray™.
In 2016 we started exploring the world of apparel, finding new ways to inspire people to move.
And now we're building a movement with our global communities.
You might know a few of them...
We're always looking for that next innovation. With technologies like RunScan helping shape the future of retail.
We're a team of explorers and dreamers, finding new ways to do things.
From building shoes from carbon emissions, to making time for movement during work hours.
Because we’re as passionate about our people and products as we are about our planet.
Now we're looking for new teammates to join our journey.
Could our next chapter start with you?
Journal
In-person connection and culture building with global Onboarding
Spirits
Community
Meet the team behind Soft Wins and the Cloudsurfer 2
Insights
Community
Evolving Right To Run at On
Community
Insights
The road to On Labs Tokyo
Insights
Inspiration
Articles
Join us
Find your job