Skip to main content
GoDaddy Inc. Logo
opens the navigation panel
Help by GoDaddy Guides
Our Team
Get to know our leadership
Aman Bhutani
CEO
GoDaddy Inc. Logo
closes the navigation panel
Back to Main Site
Meet the passionate, yet pragmatic, folks driving inclusive entrepreneurship.
Leadership Team
Aman  Bhutani
,
Chief Executive Officer
As chief executive officer of GoDaddy, Aman brings over 20 years of experience in technical, management, and leadership roles ushering brands into new eras of innovation and global growth.
Prior to joining GoDaddy in 2019, Aman spent nearly a decade at Expedia Inc., where he served as Brand Expedia Group president from 2015 to 2019, and leadership roles of the worldwide engineering team culminating as chief technology officer from 2010 to 2015. Prior to joining Expedia, Aman held multiple technology roles at JPMorgan Chase and Co. and Washington Mutual, Inc.
In addition to GoDaddy’s board of directors, he serves on the board of directors of The New York Times Company and currently is a member of its audit and finance committees.
He earned his MBA from Lancaster University in Lancashire, England and holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Delhi University.
Roger Chen
,
Chief Operating Officer
Roger joined GoDaddy in 2015 as Vice President of Asia, and in 2018, he was promoted to Senior Vice President of the Asia Pacific region. In 2020, he became President of GoDaddy’s Domain Registrars and Investors Business. Roger holds a B.A. degree, with majors in Computer Science and Economics, from the University of California at Berkeley.
Mark McCaffrey
,
Chief Financial Officer
As GoDaddy’s Chief Financial Officer, Mark is responsible for the company’s accounting, finance, financial planning and analysis, tax, treasury, procurement, investor relations and global real estate departments.
Before joining GoDaddy, Mark spent over 20 years holding various roles at PwC in the Technology, Media and Telecommunications (TMT) sector. Mark most recently  was its US TMT Sector Leader, guiding an experienced team of consultants working across clients in the TMT industries.
He also served as the Global Software Industry Leader for the firm, including the global engagement partner on several of PwC’s largest multinational software and services clients. Mark has experience as a strategic business advisor, with frequent speaking engagements at industry conferences world-wide and annual workshops for financial executives, operational executives, and board members. He also lectures at colleges and universities on the subject of leadership and frequently blogs on industry and leadership topics.
Mark’s career has centered on serving clients in the technology and media industries, particularly on organizations building their digital capabilities. As industries converge, digital innovation has been a hallmark of his work and his clients’ success. A graduate of Pace University, Mark was a member of the Board at the Children’s Discovery Museum of San Jose through 2017. He currently serves on the board of both The RealReal and Kristi Yamaguchi’s Always Dream.
Jared Sine
,
Chief Strategy & Legal Officer
As Chief Strategy & Legal Officer, Jared leads the Strategy, Legal, Corporate and Business Development functions at GoDaddy.
Prior to joining GoDaddy in 2024, Jared spent almost eight years at Match Group and served as Chief Business Affairs & Legal Officer since March 2021, overseeing privacy, safety and social advocacy, compliance, government affairs, corporate governance, general legal, aspects of corporate strategy, and mergers and acquisitions.
Prior to Match Group, Jared worked for Expedia Group as Vice President, Associate General Counsel (Mergers & Acquisitions and Integrations), where he led all legal aspects of Expedia’s mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, and other strategic initiatives.
He began his legal career at Cravath, Swaine & Moore and later joined Latham & Watkins, where he advised leading Fortune 500 companies on mergers and acquisitions, corporate governance, and other general corporate matters.
Jared holds a B.S. in Economics and a J.D. from Brigham Young University. He is admitted to practice law in New York and California.
Gourav Pani
,
Chief Business Officer
As Chief Business Officer of GoDaddy, Gourav leads the company’s global Independents, Partners, and Domain Investors businesses. His organization spans product, technology, business unit P&L management, and go-to-market functions. He and his team focus on harnessing AI-driven innovation and rapid experimentation to deliver simple, seamless experiences that build long-term customer value and deepen trust in the GoDaddy brand.
Prior to his current role, Gourav served as President of US Independents, where he drove growth across GoDaddy’s largest customer segment. He initially joined the company to lead GoDaddy.com, including search and customer marketing, developing capabilities that significantly improved customer acquisition, engagement, and retention.
Before joining GoDaddy in 2020, Gourav held leadership roles across various industries, including supply chain, IT services, SaaS, telecommunications, and travel. A software engineer by training, he brings a combination of technical and business expertise to his work.
Gourav earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, and Economics from Hanover College
Sarfraz Nakai
,
Chief People Officer
As head of GoDaddy’s people and culture, Sarfraz is responsible for talent and performance management, total rewards, learning and development, hiring, inclusion and partnership with our people and leaders worldwide.
Since joining GoDaddy in 2021, Sarfraz has held several roles within the People Operations function. Most recently, he led the HR Business Partner function, U.S. Employee Relations, and Talent Management teams. In these roles, Sarfraz spearheaded several initiatives in collaboration with business leaders to enhance the employee experience and drive organizational success. Before that, Sarfraz led GoDaddy’s return to offices following the temporary closure during COVID.
Prior to GoDaddy, Sarfraz worked at Expedia Group, where he served as an HR Business Partner supporting various business lines. He also spent over 11 years at Samsung, working across multiple HR functions including Total Rewards, Employee Engagement, Talent Management and HR Business Partnering.
Sarfraz holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Punjab University and a Masters degree in Human Resources from Jabalpur University.
Charles Beadnall
,
Chief Technology Officer
Charles is responsible for ensuring GoDaddy engineering delivers a more powerful, integrated experience to customers through the adoption of key technologies. He leads the company’s global platform and infrastructure organization.
Before joining GoDaddy in 2013, Charles was responsible for ad serving and personalization platforms at Yahoo! Prior to Yahoo!, he held engineering leadership positions at Metaweb Technologies, Verisign and WR Hambrecht + Co.
Charles studied at Ludwig-Maximilians Universität and holds a Bachelors of Arts degree from Northwestern University.
Travis Muhlestein
,
Product and AI Chief Technology Officer
As Product and AI Chief Technology Officer at GoDaddy, Travis leads innovation in software development to better serve our customers through the power of AI. Since joining in 2021, he has delivered company initiatives in AI, analytics, experimentation and large-scale data platforms.
Previously, Travis held leadership roles at Nvidia and Microsoft, overseeing global teams in gaming at Xbox and GeForce, developer systems, online advertising and cloud technology.
He holds an MBA from the University of Washington and studied computer science at Brigham Young University. Based in the Kirkland area, Travis emphasizes service in the community, including contributions to his non-profit work.
Demetria Elmore
,
President, Care & Services
As President of Care & Services, Demetria brings an extensive background in business innovation, strategy development, operations design and process improvement to her role.
Prior to her current position, Demetria led Care & Services for the GoDaddy Partners team. Prior to joining GoDaddy in July 2020, Demetria led customer service for premier customers at Stripe, ran global customer care operations for the Expedia brand portfolio, spent a decade consulting with Marriott International and worked as a consultant with Boston Consulting Group.
Demetria earned her MBA from Harvard Business School and holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in History from Yale University. She lives in a multi-generational home in Seattle with her mother and two children.
Kasturi  Mudulodu
,
President, Commerce
Kasturi Mudulodu leads GoDaddy's commerce division, focusing on empowering entrepreneurs with robust ecommerce platforms and innovative point-of-sale systems. These solutions, coupled with competitive payment processing services, are designed to help businesses succeed online and offline, aligning with GoDaddy's commitment to comprehensive, accessible commerce tools.
Before her current role, Kasturi led product, go-to-market, and risk for GoDaddy's commerce team. Kasturi joined GoDaddy following the Poynt acquisition, where she led the transition from payment terminals to a payment facilitator. Her career also includes leadership roles in product management at YapStone, Worldpay, and Litle & Co. Her career began as a software engineer, contributing to her comprehensive understanding of the tech and payments industry.
A Northeastern University graduate with a Master of Computer Science, Kasturi resides in Northern California with her husband and two teenage kids. A lifelong meditator, she is passionate about hiking, and cooking Indian cuisine.
Paul Bindel
,
President, Business Operations
As President, Business Operations, Paul oversees business unit operations, enterprise sales and non-GoDaddy brands. In his prior role as President, Partners, Paul led all areas of GoDaddy’s web designers and developers, resellers, agencies and pro-focused brands. His remit also included GoDaddy’s global hosting and security products. Paul joined GoDaddy in 2014 to lead the ecommerce channel.
Before joining GoDaddy, he held multiple roles at Amazon and Hewlett-Packard.
Paul earned his Master of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering from ISEP (Paris, France). Paul is an avid athlete who enjoys riding his bike and competing in triathlons. He enjoys the outdoors, particularly if it involves his family.
Phontip Palitwanon
,
Chief Accounting Officer
As GoDaddy’s Chief Accounting Officer, Phontip oversees global accounting, tax strategy, operations, internal controls, finance data analytics and innovation. She was appointed to the role in November 2024 after nearly a decade of leadership in GoDaddy’s finance organization.
Since joining GoDaddy in 2015, Phontip has held a series of senior finance roles, including Vice President of Finance and Vice President, Corporate Controller.
In those positions, she drove initiatives across corporate finance and accounting functions, led systems transformation and supported mergers and acquisitions activity.
Her deep knowledge of GoDaddy’s business and financial operations has been instrumental in helping the company scale its global footprint while maintaining strong financial discipline.
Before joining GoDaddy, Phontip built her career in accounting and finance with experience across technical accounting, reporting and operational leadership.
She brings a strong track record of navigating complex regulatory and reporting environments while partnering closely with business leaders to drive growth and efficiency.
Phontip holds responsibility for ensuring the integrity of GoDaddy’s financial reporting and plays a key role in supporting the company’s long-term strategy through sound financial management.
Phontip received a BBA in Accounting & Finance and a master's in professional accounting from the University of Texas at Austin and is a Certified Public Accountant licensed in California.
Board of Directors
Brian Sharples
,
Board chair, GoDaddy Inc.; former co-founder, chairman and chief executive officer, HomeAway, Inc.
Brian has served on GoDaddy’s board of directors since 2016. Brian co-founded HomeAway and served as its chairman and
chief executive officer from April 2004 to September 2016. Prior to this, he was the former president and chief
executive officer of IntelliQuest Information Group.
In addition to GoDaddy, Brian has served on the boards of directors of eBay Inc. since March 2026 and Ally Financial
Inc. since August 2018. He previously served on the boards of directors of Avalara, Inc. from March 2020 to October
2022, Yelp Inc. from March 2019 to June 2022, HomeAway, Inc. from April 2004 to January 2017 and RetailMeNot, Inc.
from August 2011 to May 2017.
Brian earned a Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics and Economics from Colby College and an MBA from the Stanford Graduate
School of Business.
Herald Chen
,
Advisor and former president and chief financial officer, AppLovin Corporation
Herald has been a member of GoDaddy’s board of directors since 2014. He is currently an advisor to the chief executive officer at AppLovin Corporation, where he previously served as president and chief financial officer from November 2019 to January 2024, and currently serves on its board of directors. Prior to this role, Herald was the head of KKR’s Technology, Media and Telecom (TMT) investing from April 2007 to October 2019, where his focus was primarily in the Americas. During this time, he led the firm’s investment in AppLovin.
In addition to GoDaddy and AppLovin, he serves on the board of directors of Internet Brands Inc., an integrated digital media software services private company. He previously served as board chair for several companies, including BMC Software, Inc., Optiv Inc. and Epicor Software Corporation.
Herald holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics (Finance) and a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from Stanford University Graduate School of Business.
Caroline Donahue
,
Former executive vice president and chief marketing and sales officer, Intuit Inc.
Caroline has served on GoDaddy’s board of directors since 2018. Caroline was the executive vice president and chief marketing and sales officer of Intuit Inc. from August 2012 to September 2016. Prior to this role, she was Intuit’s senior vice president of sales and director of sales and marketing from May 1995 to August 2012, in addition to her other previous roles within sales, channel management, and field marketing at Apple Inc., NeXT Computer, and Knowledge Adventure.
In addition to GoDaddy, Caroline serves on the boards of directors of Experian plc and Versapay Corporation, a private company providing cloud-based invoice-to-cash solutions.
Caroline has a Bachelor of Arts in English from Northwestern University.
Mark Garrett
,
Senior advisor, Permira; former executive vice president and chief financial officer, Adobe Systems Incorporated
Mark has been a member of GoDaddy’s board of directors since 2018. He has been a senior advisor with Permira since June 2021. Prior to this, Mark served as senior advisor to General Atlantic from June 2018 to June 2021 and was executive vice president and chief financial officer of Adobe Systems Incorporated from February 2007 to April 2018. Mark also served as the senior vice president and chief financial officer of the Software Group of EMC Corporation (formerly Documentum, Inc.) from August 2002 to January 2007 and 1997 to 1999.
He also serves on the boards of directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. and Snowflake Inc.
Mark holds a Bachelor of Arts in Accounting and Marketing from Boston University and an MBA in Organizational Behavior from Marist College.
Graham  Smith
,
Former executive vice president and chief financial officer, Salesforce.com, Inc.
Graham has been a member of GoDaddy’s board of directors since 2024. From November 2021 to April 2022, Graham served as interim chief executive officer of Splunk Inc., where he also served as a director. Prior to this, he was the executive vice president of Salesforce.com, Inc. from August 2014 to June 2015, its chief financial officer from March 2008 to August 2014, and its executive vice president of finance from December 2007 to April 2008. Prior to this role, Graham was the executive vice president, chief financial officer and secretary of Advent Software, Inc. from January 2003 to December 2007.
Graham currently serves on the boards of directors of Axon Enterprise, Inc. since March 2023 and Procore Technologies, Inc. since February 2020. He also served on the board of directors of Splunk Inc. from July 2011 until March 2024 when it was acquired by Cisco Systems, Inc.
Graham holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics and Politics from the University of Bristol in the U.K. and is qualified as a chartered accountant in England and Wales.
Leah Sweet
,
Former senior vice president of global design, delivery and operations, PayPal Inc.
Leah has served on GoDaddy’s board of directors since 2020. She was the senior vice president of global design, delivery and operations, and previously served as the chief of staff to the chief executive officer at PayPal Inc. from January 2012 to March 2020. Prior to PayPal, Leah was the vice president of customer success at CA Technologies, Inc. from April 2010 to December 2011, the deputy chief information officer at the State of Arizona from May 2009 to April 2010 and the vice president of technology strategy and operations at American Express Company from February 2004 to May 2009.
In addition to GoDaddy, Leah currently serves on the boards of directors of BMC Technologies and Versapay Corporation, both private companies.
She holds a Bachelor of Science in industrial engineering from Iowa State University.
Srini Tallapragada
,
President and chief engineering and customer success officer, Salesforce, Inc.
Srinivas (Srini) has been a member of GoDaddy’s board of directors since January 2023. Srini has been the president
and chief engineering and customer success officer at Salesforce, Inc. since February 2025. He also served as president and
chief engineering officer at Salesforce from December 2019 to February 2025, and the president, executive vice
president and senior vice president at Salesforce from May 2012 to December 2019. From April 2011 to May 2012, he was the senior
vice president of engineering at Oracle Corporation, where he also served as the vice president and senior director of
applications development from 2001 to 2009 and the director of engineering and customer relationship manager from 2000
to 2001. In addition to these roles, he served as the senior vice president at SAP Labs Inc. from February 2009 to
April 2011.
Srini previously served on the board of directors of Avalara Inc. from July 2021 to October 2022 when Avalara became
a private company.
He holds a PGDM from XLRI in Jamshedpur, India, and a BTech in Computer Science from the National Institute of
Technology in Warangal, India.
Sigal Zarmi
,
Senior Advisor, BCG, Former International Chief Information Officer and Head of Transformation, Morgan Stanley
Sigal has served on GoDaddy's board of directors since 2023. She is currently a senior advisor at the Boston
Consulting Group, Inc., and serves on the boards of directors of JFrog Ltd., ADT Inc., and Global Atlantic
Financial Group. From August 2023 to February 2024, Sigal served as the interim chief information officer at
Staples, Inc. Prior to this, she was managing director, international chief information officer and global head of
transformation at Morgan Stanley from October 2018 to July 2021. Sigal also served as the vice chairman of global
and U.S. chief information officer of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from December 2014 to September 2018, and the chief
information officer of GE Capital Americas, General Electric Company from August 2010 to November 2014.
Sigal holds an MBA from Columbia University and a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from Technion-Israel Institute
of Technology in Haifa, Israel.
Aman  Bhutani
,
Chief Executive Officer
As chief executive officer of GoDaddy, Aman brings over 20 years of experience in technical, management, and leadership roles ushering brands into new eras of innovation and global growth.
Prior to joining GoDaddy in 2019, Aman spent nearly a decade at Expedia Inc., where he served as Brand Expedia Group president from 2015 to 2019, and leadership roles of the worldwide engineering team culminating as chief technology officer from 2010 to 2015. Prior to joining Expedia, Aman held multiple technology roles at JPMorgan Chase and Co. and Washington Mutual, Inc.
In addition to GoDaddy’s board of directors, he serves on the board of directors of The New York Times Company and currently is a member of its audit and finance committees.
He earned his MBA from Lancaster University in Lancashire, England and holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Delhi University.
Sign up for alerts
To opt-in for investor email alerts, please enter your email address in the field below and select at least one alert option. After submitting your request, you will receive an activation email to the requested email address. You must click the activation link in order to complete your subscription. You can sign up for additional alert options at any time.
At GoDaddy Inc., we promise to treat your data with respect and will not share your information with any third party. You can unsubscribe to any of the investor alerts you are subscribed to by visiting the ‘unsubscribe’ section below. If you experience any issues with this process, please contact us for further assistance.
By providing your email address below, you are providing consent to GoDaddy Inc. to send you the requested Investor Email Alert updates.
* Required
Email Address
*
Mailing Lists
*
Press Releases
Event & Presentations
SEC Filings
End of Day Stock Quote
Email Alert Sign Up Confirmation
We’d love to help you
About GoDaddy
About Us
Contact Us
Newsroom
Investor Relations
Careers
Corporate Sustainability and ESG
Trust Center
Legal
GoDaddy Blog
Support
Product Support
Community
Report Abuse
Resources
Webmail
WHOIS
GoDaddy Mobile App
ICANN Confirmation
Tools For Pros
Redeem Code
Product Catalog
Site Map
Videos
Partner Programs
Affiliates
Reseller Programs
GoDaddy Pro
Account
My Account
My Renewals
Create Account
Shopping
GoDaddy Airo
Domains
Web Hosting
WordPress Hosting
Website Builder
Online Store
POS System
Accept Payments
AI Logo Generator
Professional Email
SSL Certificates
linkedin (opens in a new window)
facebook (opens in a new window)
twitter (opens in a new window)
youtube (opens in a new window)
Legal
Privacy Policy
Advertising Preferences
Cookies
©
GoDaddy Operating Company, LLC. All Rights Reserved.