Skip to main content
Working at Lyft
Building a more connected world, ride by ride.
Whether it's an everyday commute or a journey that changes everything, we are driven by our purpose: to serve and connect.
Search job openings
We envision a world where cities feel small again. Where transportation and tech bring people together, instead of apart. We see the future as community-driven — and it starts with you.
Life at Lyft
Lyft culture revolves around our core values. We have superb benefits and great perks (and some pretty cute office dogs). Across our over 45 locations, we’ve got fabulous programs to connect, grow, and celebrate.
Learn more
Early Talent Programs
Working at Lyft as an intern, new graduate, or apprentice is a great start to your career. With plenty of mentor support, you’ll make an impact with valuable projects. Plus, you’ll love how friendly and welcoming Lyft culture is.
Learn more
Belonging at Lyft
Community is at the center of who we are. To offer everyone the best ride, we start by fostering a strong sense of belonging within our team—creating an environment where everyone feels valued, supported, and connected.
Learn more
Interested in joining our teams across Europe?
View all roles
Lyft is an equal opportunity employer committed to an inclusive workplace that fosters belonging. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, age, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by law. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.
Lyft is committed to ensuring equal opportunity for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process, please email us at
accommodation@lyft.com
for further assistance. Please note that this email address is intended to be used for requesting accommodations as part of the application process. Any other correspondence will not receive a response.
See also
Know Your Rights
and
Lyft Equal Employment Opportunity
Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws:
FMLA Poster
and
EPPA Poster
Lyft participates in
E-Verify
(English and Spanish)
Right to Work Statement
(English and Spanish)