Robert Reffkin
Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Robert Reffkin is an entrepreneur on a mission to help everyone find their place in the world. He was inspired to enter the world of real estate by his mother, Ruth, a longtime agent who now proudly works at Compass. Robert completed a B.A. and M.B.A. from Columbia University and worked at McKinsey, Goldman Sachs, and as a White House Fellow. He ran 50 marathons in 50 states to raise $1 million dollars for charities — including for America Needs You, the non-profit he founded to serve young people living below the poverty line who are the first in their families to go to college.
Ori Allon
Founder & Chief Strategist
Ori Allon is a technologist and entrepreneur who, throughout his career, has built software-driven businesses that generate personalized experiences for the everyday consumer. Ori's background working in technology includes serving as Director of Engineering at Twitter, founding Julpan which was acquired by Twitter, and founding Orion which was acquired by Google. His passion lies within empowering entrepreneurs to make impact through technology. Ori earned his PhD in computer science at the University of New South Wales in Sydney, Australia.
Scott Wahlers
Chief Financial Officer
Scott Wahlers brings 30 years of finance, accounting, and operational experience. He most recently served as Compass’ Chief Accounting Officer, overseeing the majority of the finance organization since joining the company in 2018. Scott played a pivotal role in the 2021 IPO and subsequent 2022 OPEX re-alignment, which reduced operating expenses by over $600 million. Before Compass, Scott spent 16 years at WebMD in various finance leadership roles, including VP of Finance. With a degree in Accounting from Susquehanna University, Scott began his career with eight years in public accounting at Arthur Andersen LLP and is a Certified Public Accountant.
Ethan Glass
Chief Legal Officer
Ethan Glass serves as Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary for Compass International Holdings. He is widely regarded as one of the nation's leading antitrust attorneys, with decades of experience leading antitrust matters in the real estate industry. Prior to joining Compass, Ethan served as Partner, and then Head of the Global Antitrust and Competition Practice, at Cooley LLP, a leading technology law firm. Prior to Cooley, he served as Partner, and then Chair of the Antitrust Investigations and Government Enforcement Practice, at Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan, a leading litigation law firm. Earlier in his career, Ethan spent nearly a decade at the U.S. Department of Justice's Antitrust Division,where he directed teams overseeing regulatory reviews and legal proceedings regarding competition practices within Multiple Listing Service (MLS) organizations. Ethan holds a B.A. from the University of Arizona and a J.D. from the University of Minnesota.
email
Email Alerts
location_city
Company Profile
rss_feed
RSS News Feed