None
Everything for Back to School — and then some
Shop now
Main Content
Terms and Conditions
[Last Updated <DATE>]
Welcome to Best Buy. The BestBuy.com website, the mobile Best Buy site, Best Buy customer support lines and email addresses, and any Best Buy app (Android and iOS) are collectively the “Best Buy Properties” and each individually is a “Best Buy Property.” By using any Best Buy Property and its related services, products, and software in any way, including to (i) purchase services, products and software sold by Best Buy (“Best Buy Products”) and/or Marketplace Products (as defined below) (collectively, Best Buy Products and Marketplace Products are hereinafter referred to as (“Product(s)”)), (ii) apply for available financing options to be used to purchase Products, or (iii) contact Best Buy for customer support, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (“Terms”). You also accept the Terms when you create a Best Buy account, make a purchase as a guest, or log in to any Best Buy Property. Additional or separate terms may apply to your interactions with other Best Buy websites, Best Buy or Geek Squad® locations, and to your use of individual services or features available on a Best Buy Property, such as reviews. To the extent that the provisions of any additional terms conflict with these Terms, the provisions of the additional terms will govern. References to “Best Buy”, “Geek Squad”, “Magnolia”, “Magnolia Home Theater”, “Magnolia Design Center”, “Premium”, “Premium Home Theater”, “Premium Design Center”, “Premium Audio & Video”, “Pacific Sales”, “our”, “we”, or “us” may refer to Best Buy Co., Inc., BestBuy.com, LLC, Best Buy Stores, L.P., BBY Solutions, Inc., Best Buy Enterprise Services, Inc., Magnolia Hi-Fi, LLC, Pacific Sales Kitchen and Bath Centers, LLC, and their affiliates, subsidiaries, and designees. We may make changes to any Best Buy Property and the Terms at any time and without notice to you. It is your responsibility to review the Terms for updates or changes. If any provision of or change to these Terms is found invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that change is severable and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any other changes or conditions. If you do not agree with the Terms, you should not use the Best Buy Properties.
THESE TERMS INCLUDE A DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISION (INCLUDING A BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, CLASS ACTION WAIVER, AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER) THAT AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS. IN ARBITRATION, THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY AND LESS DISCOVERY AND APPELLATE REVIEW THAN IN COURT.  PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION SECTION BELOW.
Privacy
Your use of the Best Buy Properties is subject to our
Privacy Policy
. Please review the policy for more on how we collect and use information.
See Disclosure
Information on the Best Buy Properties
We try to be as accurate as possible with the information we present on the Best Buy Properties. We will make reasonable efforts to accurately display or communicate the attributes of Best Buy Products we sell. The information displayed on the Best Buy Properties, or shared with you as part of your interactions with the Best Buy Properties, such as through the use of chat, may be created or provided to you by artificial intelligence software (“AI”). AI used on or in connection with the Best Buy Properties to provide you with ideas, inspiration, summary information, or other contextual information, including those in response to topics or questions you input, is provided solely for your convenience and may not always be accurate. We do not warrant that Product descriptions or other content, whether generated by AI or not, is accurate, complete, or error free. Any use of AI or other technologies on or in connection with the Best Buy Properties, including chat-based or conversation-based technologies, regarding any of our terms and conditions (including these Terms), policies, or practices is provided solely for your convenience any deviation, contradiction, additional, or different term provided shall be void and non-binding and instead the applicable terms and conditions, policy, or practice shall control. Prices and promotions are subject to change and may vary from those offered in our stores. We cannot confirm the availability or price of any Product until you place your order. Despite our best efforts, sometimes a Product advertised on the Best Buy Properties may not be available, the offer may have been misstated, or a Product may be mispriced. For any of these reasons, we may cancel your order or we may contact you for instructions on the order.
Paying for your order
Generally, we’ll charge your payment method when the Product is shipped to you or when we confirm its availability. For digital Products, we’ll charge your payment method when you initiate the download of the Product or when the Product is placed in your Best Buy account and available for use. For special-delivery Best Buy Products, we’ll charge your payment method when you confirm a delivery time. However, we will preauthorize your order amount (including for pre-orders) with your payment method at the time you place the order, which may have an effect on your available credit line. If a preauthorization of a pre-order expires before fulfillment, the preauthorization will be reversed and another preauthorization will be made closer to the confirmed availability date.
Order confirmation
Our order confirmation to you does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. At any time after receipt of your order, we may accept, decline, or place quantity or other limits on your order for any reason. We may impose these limits on a per-person, per-household, per-order, or any other basis. If we reject, limit, or otherwise modify your order, we will attempt to notify you using the email address you provide to us. If we cancel all or part of an order that we’ve already charged you for, we’ll refund you the full amount of the canceled portion of the order.
My Best Buy™ Program
When you create a Best Buy account on a Best Buy Property, we will automatically enroll you in the My Best Buy™ program which is subject to the terms at BestBuy.com/MyBestBuyTerms. The My Best Buy™ program is a free program through which you may receive membership benefits. If you are also a My Best Buy® Credit Cardmember you will also be eligible to earn points toward reward certificates, which are coupons for discounts on future purchases at Best Buy.
See My Best Buy Program Terms
.
Proprietary rights
All content included on or comprising the Best Buy Properties, including information, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds and other material (collectively “Content”) is protected by copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights, and these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or developed in the future. All Content is protected as a collective work under U.S. and international copyright laws, and Best Buy owns, to the fullest extent allowed by such laws, the copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement, and enhancement of all Content. You may not remove or modify any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice contained in any Content you use, and you may not modify or alter the Content, copy or post the Content on any network computer, or broadcast the Content in any media. You may not copy, scrape, frame, modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, lease or rental of, create derivative works from or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part. The Best Buy and Geek Squad logos and other trademarks on the Best Buy Properties are the property of their respective owners and are owned by, licensed to, or, where required, used with permission by Best Buy and may not be reproduced, copied, or manipulated in any manner without the express, written approval of the trademark owner.
User generated content: reviews, comments, communications and other content
You may interact with the Best Buy Properties in numerous ways, including Reviews and Ratings, videos, Questions and Answers, Community Forums, testimonials, and email communication. You hereby grant Best Buy a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, adapt, translate, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, delete, create derivative works from, and distribute any information (except order information sent via email or phone) or materials you share with us throughout the world in any media, including when you allow Best Buy to feature text, images and videos shared through social media (e.g., Facebook™, X, Instagram™, Pinterest™) or submitted through our Reviews and Ratings. You also grant us the right to use the name and social media handle that you use when you share content with us in connection with that content. For this reason, do not send us any content that you do not wish to license to us, including any confidential information or any original creative materials such as stories, product ideas, computer code or original artwork. You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary for you to grant the licenses granted in this section, including but not limited to permission from or on behalf of any individuals that appear in the information to use, and grant to third parties such as Best Buy the right to use, their name, image, voice and/or likeness without compensation to you or any other person or entity. You further irrevocably waive any "moral rights" or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding information that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory. When you share content to us, you will disclose any affiliation you have and you will not share anything that contains harmful computer code, references other websites, or is false, misleading, illegal, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racist, biased, threatening, or harassing.
Notification of copyright infringement under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)
If you believe that your copyrighted material may have been infringed, please provide the Best Buy Copyright Agent with the following information in writing:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, your email address
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed
The Best Buy designated agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement can be reached by:
Mail:
DMCA Agent
BBY Solutions, Inc.
B6-Legal Dept.
7601 Penn Ave. S
Richfield, MN 55423
Email:
dmca.agent@bestbuy.com
*
*For support related to your Best Buy account, memberships, orders and purchases, product repairs, and other matters, please
Contact Us
via one of these channels.
Phone:
612-291-1000
Fax:
612-292-2323
For additional information regarding this procedure, please reference 17 U.S.C. § 512.
Disclaimers and limitation of liability
BEST BUY PROVIDES THE BEST BUY PROPERTIES AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, AND OTHER MATERIAL MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE BEST BUY PROPERTIES ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT ANY BEST BUY PROPERTY WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT IT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE.
ANY WARRANTY ON ANY PRODUCT SOLD OR MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH A BEST BUY PROPERTY IS PROVIDED BY THE MANUFACTURER OF THAT PRODUCT. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BEST BUY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ATTRIBUTABLE TO YOUR USE OF ANY BEST BUY PROPERTY, ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE PURCHASED THROUGH A BEST BUY PROPERTY, OR FOR ANY INACCURATE INFORMATION GENERATED BY AI AND DISPLAYED ON THE BEST BUY PROPERTIES OR SHARED WITH YOU AS PART OF YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH THE BEST BUY PROPERTIES. THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION WILL NOT LIMIT OR EXCLUDE LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE CAUSED BY PRODUCTS YOU PURCHASE THROUGH A BEST BUY PROPERTY OR BEST BUY GROSS NEGLIGENCE, INTENTIONAL, WILLFUL, RECKLESS OR MALICIOUS MISCONDUCT, OR FRAUD.
Links to third-party websites
The Best Buy Properties contain links to other sites operated by third parties (“Third-Party Site(s)”). These links are available for your convenience and are intended only to enable access to these Third-Party Sites and for no other purpose. Best Buy does not warrant or make any representation about the substance, quality, functionality, accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability or any other representation about any Third-Party Site or its content, products, or services. A link to a Third-Party Site on a Best Buy Property does not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, approval or responsibility for any Third-Party Site. The conditions of use and privacy policy of any Third-Party Site may differ substantially from these Terms and Best Buy's Privacy Policy. Please review the conditions of use for all Third-Party Sites for more information about the terms and conditions that apply to your use of Third-Party Sites.
Best Buy Marketplace
Best Buy operates an online marketplace program on the Best Buy Properties (the “Best Buy Marketplace”) that allows a third party that is otherwise unaffiliated with Best Buy (a “Marketplace Seller”) to sell their products (“Marketplace Products”) alongside Best Buy Products. When you place an order with a Marketplace Seller, the Marketplace Seller will be responsible for fulfilling the order.
By purchasing a Marketplace Product from a Marketplace Seller, you acknowledge that the Marketplace Product portion of the order will be fulfilled by the Marketplace Seller, an unaffiliated third party and not Best Buy. The Marketplace Seller will be responsible for all processing, shipping, and customer service related to your Marketplace Product, except as otherwise expressly stated by Best Buy.
Marketplace Products purchased from a Marketplace Seller can be returned to the Marketplace Seller, subject to the Marketplace Seller’s return policy or, for certain products, to Best Buy, subject to
Best Buy’s Return and Exchange Policy
. Information about a particular Marketplace Seller, such as their contact information and return policy, can be found on that Best Buy Marketplace Seller’s profile.
To the fullest extent provided by applicable law, Best Buy has no responsibility or liability for any Marketplace Seller, Marketplace Product, Marketplace Product claims, subcontractor or employee of the Marketplace Seller, or Marketplace Seller’s representations and warranties.
Export
Certain software or other materials (“Software”) that you may obtain through the Best Buy Properties may be further subject to export controls. You will comply with all applicable export and re-export restrictions, laws, and regulations, and you will not transfer, or encourage, assist, or authorize the transfer of any Software to a prohibited country or otherwise in violation of any restriction, law, or regulation.
Security
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Best Buy account and password and for restricting access to your computer or device. You agree to not share your Best Buy account credentials with others. You may use the Best Buy Properties only for lawful purposes. Activities including, but not limited to, tampering with any Best Buy Property, misrepresenting the identity of a user, and using buying agents or conducting fraudulent activities, on the Best Buy Properties are prohibited.
You may not violate or attempt to violate the security of the Best Buy Properties, including by, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for you or logging on to a server or an account which you are not authorized to access; (b) using any Best Buy Property for unintended purposes or trying to change the behavior of any Best Buy Property; (c) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (d) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including without limitation via means of submitting a virus to any Best Buy Property, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mailbombing” or “crashing”; (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting; or (f) forging communications on behalf of Best Buy (impersonating Best Buy) or to any Best Buy Property (impersonating as a legitimate user). You may not send unsolicited or unauthorized email on behalf of Best Buy, including promotions and/or advertising of Products. We may prosecute you to the full extent of the law for any violation of these Terms. You may not use any device, software or routine or data to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of any Best Buy Property or any activity being conducted on any Best Buy Property. You may not use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent, data or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search any Best Buy Property other than the search engine and search agents we provide and generally publicly available browsers.
Dispute Resolution (Including Arbitration Agreement; Class Action Waiver; Jury Trial Waiver)
PLEASE READ THIS DISPUTE RESOLUTION SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS. IT PROVIDES FOR THE RESOLUTION OF MOST DISPUTES (AS SET FORTH BELOW) THROUGH INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION INSTEAD OF COURT TRIALS AND CLASS ACTIONS. ARBITRATION IS LESS FORMAL THAN A LAWSUIT IN COURT, USES A NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR INSTEAD OF A JUDGE OR JURY, AND DISCOVERY IS MORE LIMITED. ARBITRATION AWARDS ARE FINAL AND BINDING AND SUBJECT TO ONLY LIMITED REVIEW BY A COURT. THIS SECTION ALSO CONTAINS A JURY TRIAL WAIVER AND A WAIVER OF ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO PROCEED IN A CLASS, COLLECTIVE, CONSOLIDATED, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION IN ARBITRATION OR IN LITIGATION TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Arbitration Agreement
Binding Arbitration.
“Dispute” shall be interpreted broadly and cover any claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way whatsoever to your relationship or interaction with Best Buy, its agents, and its present and future subsidiaries, affiliates, and designees—including, but not limited to, GreatCall, Lively, Geek Squad, Magnolia, and Pacific Sales—whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory. Examples of relationships or interactions giving rise to a covered claim include, without limitation: (1) your use of Best Buy’s websites; (2) your membership in any Best Buy loyalty or rewards program (e.g., My Best Buy) or subscription-based services (e.g., My Best Buy Total™); (3) your receipt of delivery, repair or installation services or consultation services provided by Best Buy or its agents; (4) any communications between you and Best Buy; (5) application for financing; and/or (6) your purchase of products or services offered, sold, or distributed by Best Buy including, but not limited to, any Dispute arising from the advertising of, or the sales practices related to, such products and services. If you are a My Best Buy member, Dispute shall also include all disputes that arose before your enrollment in, and after the cancellation or termination of, the My Best Buy program, including any claims that are the subject of purported class action litigation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Dispute falling within the jurisdictional limits of small claims court must be heard in that court, so long as it isn’t removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction. Whether a Dispute falls within the jurisdictional limits of small claims court is for a small claims court to decide in the first instance. Dispute shall include, but not be limited to: (1) any dispute or claim that arose before the existence of these or any prior Terms (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising); (2) any dispute or claim that is the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and (3) any dispute or claim that may arise after termination of these Terms. Dispute, however, does not include disputes or claims seeking to enjoin the misuse of intellectual property rights, which may be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator shall decide all issues
except
the following (which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide): (1) issues that are reserved for a court in these Terms; (2) issues that relate to the scope, validity, or enforceability of the arbitration agreement, class action waiver, jury trial waiver, or any of the provisions of this Dispute Resolution section; and (3) issues that relate to the arbitrability of any Dispute. These Terms and this arbitration agreement do not prevent you from bringing a Dispute to the attention of any government agency. You and Best Buy agree that these Terms evidence a transaction in interstate commerce and that this arbitration agreement will be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law (not state arbitration law).
Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution Process.
You and Best Buy agree to work together in an effort to informally resolve any Dispute that might arise between us. Before you or Best Buy may initiate an arbitration proceeding, you and Best Buy agree to engage in a good faith effort to resolve the Dispute informally for 60 days, unless that time is extended by agreement. The party initiating the Dispute must send the other a written notice of the Dispute (“Notice”) that includes all of the following information: (1) the party’s name and contact information (address, telephone number, and email address); (2) information sufficient to identify any account and transaction at issue; and (3) a detailed description of the nature and basis of the Dispute (including approximate date, time and location, if applicable) and the relief sought, including a good faith calculation for it. The Notice must be personally signed by the party initiating the Dispute (and their counsel, if represented). If you have the Dispute with Best Buy, you must send this Notice to Best Buy at CT Corporation System, Inc., 1010 Dale Street North, St. Paul, MN 55117-5603 or by email to Arbitration@BestBuy.com. If Best Buy has the Dispute with you, Best Buy will send the Notice to you at the most recent contact information we have on file. The party receiving the Notice may request a telephone settlement conference to aid in the resolution of the Dispute. If such a conference is requested, you and a Best Buy representative will personally attend (counsel may attend as well). The conference will be scheduled for a mutually agreeable time, which may be outside of the 60-day period. Completion of this Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution Process is a condition precedent to initiating a claim in arbitration. If the sufficiency of a Notice or compliance with this process is at issue, such issue may be raised with and decided by a court of competent jurisdiction at either party’s election, and any arbitration shall be stayed. The court shall have the authority to enforce this condition precedent to arbitration, which includes the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations or the assessment or collection of arbitration fees. Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek relief for non-compliance with this process in arbitration. All applicable limitations periods (including statutes of limitation) will be tolled from the date of the receipt of a completed Notice through the conclusion of this Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution Process. You or Best Buy may commence arbitration if the Dispute is not resolved through this process.
Arbitration Procedures.
The arbitration of any Dispute shall be administered by and conducted in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) including the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules and Supplementary Rules for Mass Arbitration (as applicable) (“AAA Rules”), as modified by this arbitration agreement. The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org. You and we understand that the AAA’s prior administrative determination that this arbitration agreement comports with the Consumer Due Process Protocol is final and that neither a court nor an arbitrator may revisit it. If the AAA is unable or unwilling to administer the arbitration consistent with this arbitration agreement, the parties shall arbitrate before JAMS in accordance with their Streamlined Arbitration Rules & Procedures, and any applicable JAMS mass arbitration procedures and guidelines, as modified by this arbitration agreement. If JAMS is unable or unwilling to administer the arbitration consistent with this arbitration agreement and the parties cannot agree on an alternative provider that will do so, the parties shall petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint an arbitration provider that will do so. An arbitration demand must be accompanied by a certification of compliance with the Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution Process and be personally signed by the party initiating the arbitration (and counsel, if represented). By submitting an arbitration demand, the party (and counsel, if represented) represents that, as in federal court, they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b). The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions available under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 on represented parties and their counsel. Any Dispute seeking $12,500 or more or injunctive relief shall have an in-person or video hearing if the respondent requests one. You and Best Buy reserve the right to request a hearing from the arbitrator in any matter where a hearing is not required. You and a Best Buy representative will personally appear at any hearing (with counsel, if represented). Any in-person hearing will be held in the county or parish in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. An arbitrator may award, on an individual basis, any relief that would be available in court, including injunctive or declaratory relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and Best Buy agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or Best Buy’s individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding. Further, unless you and Best Buy agree otherwise, an arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding. An arbitrator must follow and enforce these Terms as a court would. If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized injunctive or declaratory relief and class, collective, private attorney general, or representative proceedings are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or request for relief (such as a request for public injunctive relief), then such claim or request for relief will be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other claims and requests for relief are arbitrated. The arbitrator shall issue a reasoned, written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions. The arbitrator shall apply the cost-shifting provisions of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68 after entry of an award. Judgment on any arbitration award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction, except an award that has been fully satisfied may not be entered. An award shall have no preclusive effect in any other arbitration or proceeding involving Best Buy in which you are not the sole named party.
Costs of Arbitration.
Payment of all arbitration fees will be governed by the AAA Rules (unless JAMS or another provider administers the arbitration as set forth above, in which case their respective rules shall govern). You and Best Buy agree that the parties have a shared interest in reducing the costs and increasing the efficiencies associated with arbitration. Therefore, you or Best Buy may elect to engage with the AAA (or the applicable provider) regarding arbitration fees, and you and Best Buy agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) will work together in good faith to ensure that arbitration remains cost-effective for all parties.
The Parties shall be responsible for their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration, unless they are authorized by law or the arbitrator determines that a claim or proceeding was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or in bad faith (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
Additional Procedures for Mass Arbitration.
You and Best Buy agree that these Additional Procedures for Mass Arbitration (in addition to the other provisions of this arbitration agreement) shall apply if you choose to participate in a Mass Arbitration. If 25 or more similar Disputes (including yours) are asserted against Best Buy by the same or coordinated counsel (“Mass Arbitration”), you understand and agree that the resolution of your Dispute might be delayed and ultimately proceed in court. The parties agree that as part of these procedures, their counsel shall meet and confer in good faith in an effort to resolve the Disputes, streamline procedures, address the exchange of information, modify the number of Disputes to be adjudicated, and conserve the parties’ and the AAA’s resources.
If your claim is part of a Mass Arbitration, any applicable limitations periods (including statutes of limitations) shall be tolled for your Dispute from the time that your Dispute is first submitted to the AAA until your Dispute is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration pursuant to this provision.
STAGE ONE:
If at least 100 Disputes are submitted as part of the Mass Arbitration, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Best Buy shall each select 50 Disputes to be filed and to proceed as cases in individual arbitrations as part of this initial staged process. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed in Stage One can be increased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than 100 Disputes, all shall proceed individually in Stage One). Each of the 100 (or fewer) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator and proceed individually. If a case is withdrawn before the issuance of an arbitration award, another claim shall be selected to proceed as part of Stage One. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims. After this initial set of proceedings, counsel for the parties shall participate in a global mediation session with a retired federal or state court judge jointly selected by counsel in an effort to resolve the remaining Disputes (as informed by the adjudications of cases in Stage One), and Best Buy shall pay the mediator’s fee.
STAGE TWO:
If the remaining Disputes have not been resolved at the conclusion of Stage One, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Best Buy shall each select 100 Disputes per side to be filed and to proceed as cases in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed as part of this second staged process can be increased or decreased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than 200 Disputes, all shall proceed individually in Stage Two). No more than five cases may be assigned to a single arbitrator to proceed individually. If a case is withdrawn before the issuance of an arbitration award, another claim shall be selected to proceed as part of Stage Two. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims. After this second set of staged proceedings, the parties shall engage in a global mediation session of all remaining Disputes with a retired federal or state court judge jointly selected by counsel in an effort to resolve the remaining Disputes (as informed by the adjudications of cases in Stages One and Two), and Best Buy shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Upon the completion of the mediation set forth in Stage Two, each remaining Dispute (if any) that is not settled or not withdrawn shall be opted out of arbitration and may proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of the Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, counsel for the parties may mutually agree in writing to proceed with the adjudication of some or all of the remaining Disputes in individual arbitrations consistent with the process set forth in Stage Two (except Disputes shall be randomly selected and mediation shall be elective by agreement of counsel) or through another mutually-agreeable process. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce the Additional Procedures for Mass Arbitration, including the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations and the assessment or collection of arbitration fees.
The Additional Procedures for Mass Arbitration provision and each of its requirements are essential parts of this arbitration agreement. If, after exhaustion of all appeals, a court of competent jurisdiction decides that the Additional Procedures for Mass Arbitration apply to your Dispute and are not enforceable, then your Dispute shall not proceed in arbitration and shall only proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of the Terms.
Future Changes to Arbitration Agreement
.
If we make any future changes to this arbitration agreement (other than a change to our contact information), you may reject any such change by sending your personally signed, written notice to the following address within 30 days of the change:
Best Buy
CT Corporation System, Inc.
1010 Dale Street North
St. Paul, MN 55117-5603
Such written notice does not constitute an opt out of arbitration altogether. By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Best Buy in accordance with this version of the arbitration agreement.
Class Action Waiver and Jury Trial Waiver
You and Best Buy each agree that any proceeding, whether in arbitration or in court, will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative action. You and we agree to waive any right to bring or to participate in such an action in arbitration or in court to the fullest extent allowable by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties retain the right to participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and we waive the right to a jury trial.
Applicable Law and Venue
THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT AND APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAW (OR IN THE ABSENCE OF APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAW, THEN THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA), WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS, WILL GOVERN THESE TERMS AND APPLY TO ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND BEST BUY. UNLESS YOU AND BEST BUY AGREE OTHERWISE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS THAT ENCOMPASS HENNEPIN COUNTY, MINNESOTA SHALL HAVE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OVER ANY DISPUTES (EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS BROUGHT IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT) THAT ARE NOT SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION, THAT ARE OPTED OUT OF ARBITRATION PURSUANT TO THESE TERMS, OR OVER ANY ACTION THAT SEEKS TO ENFORCE OR CHALLENGE THE ENFORCEABILITY OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT OR ANY PROVISION OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT OR THESE TERMS.  YOU AND BEST BUY CONSENT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS AND WAIVE ANY OBJECTIONS AS TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION OR AS TO THE LAYING OF VENUE IN SUCH COURTS BECAUSE OF (1) INCONVENIENT FORUM OR (2) ANY OTHER BASIS OR RIGHT TO SEEK TO TRANSFER OR CHANGE VENUE OF ANY SUCH ACTION TO ANOTHER COURT.
Additional terms and policies
The following terms and policies also govern your use of the Best Buy Properties and are incorporated by reference into the Terms:
Price Match Guarantee
Returns & Exchanges
Shipping
Scheduled Delivery
Appliance Delivery
Services, Plans & Subscriptions
Special Offers & Digital Coupons
Gift Cards Terms and Conditions
Termination of use
We may, in our sole discretion, terminate your Best Buy account or your use of the Best Buy Properties at any time. You are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination. We may change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspects of any Best Buy Property at any time without prior notice.
Use of the Best Buy Properties
You may use the Best Buy Properties for your personal, noncommercial use only. While Best Buy does sell products for children, these products are intended for purchase by adults. The Best Buy Properties are not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 18.
By using any Best Buy Property for any purpose, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older.