Skip to main content
[Open search bar]
Keywords:
Location:
Locations
Atlanta
Buenos Aires
Chicago
Dublin
Hamburg
London
Los Angeles
Mexico City
New York
Palo Alto
Paris
Remote
San Francisco
São Paulo
Seattle
Singapore
Stockholm
Sydney
Tokyo
Toronto
US
Search
Create the career you love
Join the people behind the product to build a more positive internet for Pinterest users worldwide.
Explore jobs
Play video
Life at Pinterest
We’re on a mission to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love. Meet employees from our global offices and find out why they chose to continue their career journeys at Pinterest and be a part of the magic of bringing our platform to life.
Meet Bill Ready, Pinterest CEO
“At Pinterest, we are proving that positivity for social media isn't just a good thing to do, it is a good business model too. And that work isn't just great for Pinterest - it can actually change an industry. If you join our team, you’ll have an opportunity to make a difference and build a more positive internet."
Ariel Kao
Lead Client Partner, Retail, Brooklyn, New York
I love working at a company whose mission I truly believe in. People I meet all over the world from Copenhagen to Taipei are so excited when they hear that I work at Pinterest! I always tell people that the positive and inspiring place people see on the outside when they use our platform is how I feel working inside the company.
Paul Mitskopoulos
Enterprise Sales Industry Manager, Toronto, Canada
There's a lot of goodwill that comes from working at Pinterest. When I tell people that I work at Pinterest, I get a warm and fuzzy feeling.
Discover your next career move
View all jobs
Life at Pinterest Blog
Explore the blog
Thursday, August 27, 2026
Makeathon 2026: Build with AI and break through
At Pinterest, innovation happens through experimentation, collaboration and interactive exploration with AI. This August, we hosted our 14th annual Makeathon – our company-wide moment to explore ideas, solve challenges and help shape what’s next for the business, Pinterest users and the way we work.
Read the full article
Tuesday, August 25, 2026
In Conversation with Damian Kim, VP, APAC
In February 2026, we welcomed Damian Kim to Pinterest Singapore as our VP of APAC. Damian joins our Life at Pinterest team to share what excited him about leading at Pinterest, how our platform adds value for users, and the growth opportunity that presents itself in the Asia Pacific region.
Read the full article
Thursday, August 20, 2026
Grow with Us: Kat Wang on ten years at Pinterest
Ten years ago, Kat Wang followed her curiosity to Pinterest. The road to Pinterest, and the journey that followed, have been shaped by new opportunities, meaningful learnings, and a career energized by ambiguity. Kat reflects on what brought her to Pinterest, the defining moments and more.
Read the full article
Tuesday, July 28, 2026
Inside Programmatic: Meet the Programmatic Tech Ops team
In the next edition of Inside Programmatic, we’re introducing our global Programmatic Technical Operations team. You’ll hear from Megan Ericson, Director of Programmatic Tech Ops, who shares what the team is building. From there, you’ll meet the team and learn what inspired them to join Pinterest.
Read the full article
Thursday, July 23, 2026
Create Belonging: Meet Ricky Romero from Latin@
Our Create Belonging series introduces Pinclusion Group leaders and members who bring this core value to life through their day-to-day work, engagement within their ERG and involvement in the community. Meet Ricky Romero, who discusses taking on a new role as our Latin@ Executive Sponsor.
Read the full article
Thursday, July 16, 2026
Spotlight on Zurich: Meet Florian Buron, Director, Engineering
In our Spotlight on Zurich series, we’re meeting the people behind the product in Switzerland. Next up, meet Florian Buron, Director of Engineering. Florian tells us more about his experience joining Pinterest in early 2026, his advice to others interested in Pinterest and his work on shopping.
Read the full article
Tuesday, July 07, 2026
Pinterest Engineering: Meet Grace Mtawali from Seattle
Grace Mtawali interned at Pinterest during the Summer 2025 season. Now, she’s back on the team as a Software Engineer I within our Monetization org. Learn more about what led Grace back to Pinterest, how she’s using AI within her role and her note to aspiring interns.
Read the full article
Thursday, June 25, 2026
Spotlight on Zurich: Meet Kent Steer, Sr. Staff Software Engineer
In 2025, Pinterest announced that it would build an engineering excellence hub in Zurich. As the team grows, we sat down with Kent Steer, Sr. Staff Software Engineer. Learn more about what excited him about Pinterest, his work on the PinCompute team and his advice to job applicants.
Read the full article
Back to top
Join our talent community
Whether you apply to a role today or in the future, stay up-to-date on Pinterest news, events and job openings by signing up for our Talent Community. We’ll send you newsletters you won’t want to miss.
Join
We care about your privacy
Thank you, your preferences have been updated.
By clicking "Accept All", you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to give you the most optimal experience using our website. We may also use cookies to enhance performance, analyse site usage and to personalise your experience.
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Essential Only