Topics
Resources
Hire a Professional
Pricing
Log In
Get Started
Getting started with Wix
Build your website and business with Wix. Try using our AI tools to create your website, customize templates, or hire professionals to build or enhance your online presence.
Creating a website
Read how to use the Wix Editor and manage content on your site. Discover how to protect your visitors' privacy and make your site accessible.
Account & billing
Review your account settings, manage your subscriptions and plans and understand your invoices.
Using the Wix mobile apps
Use our mobile apps to run your business efficiently on the go and set up a dedicated app for your site members to stay in touch.
Connecting a domain
Follow our step-by step guides to learn how to purchase, connect or transfer a domain for your site, and find out how to keep your site’s data secure.
Managing your business
Get tools to grow your business and web presence. Find the right tools for your specific needs, set up online payments and keep track of your site's analytics.
Promoting your site
Learn to make your site more visible promoting it on search engines, sending emails and running paid ads. Improve your online presence with practical tips.
Studio, Partners & Enterprise
Get the most out of your Studio or Enterprise account with advanced features that'll help you work more efficiently.
Need more help?
Find solutions for site performance and technical issues, learn about issues we’re working to fix or contact us for help.
Wix Learn
Improve your skills with our courses and tutorials.
Wix Blog
Get tips for web design, marketing and more.
SEO Learning Hub
Learn to increase organic site traffic from search engines.
Website development
Build a custom site using our full-stack platform.
Home
Need more help?
About Wix
Terms of Use
Wix Terms of Use
Wix Terms of Use
Wix users can upload songs, images, text and SWF files.
The nature of the content users choose to upload to their website is their responsibility.
Like any other website in the world, a website created through Wix is subject to international law.
Keep in mind that if you use content/creations of any kind, you will need to consult the copyright owner first and get their approval.
Click to see Terms of Use for Wix.com
See Terms of Use
Did this help?
Yes
|
No
Hire a Professional
Get matched with a Wix Partner who can help you reach your site goals.
Start Now
Helpmate
Hello
Need a bit more guidance?
Unlock personalized help
Log in to get the most out of Helpmate.
Log In