Skip to main content
Investor Relations
Investor Relations
Corporate Overview
Verisk is a leading strategic data analytics and technology partner to the global insurance industry. It empowers clients to strengthen operating efficiency, improve underwriting and claims outcomes, combat fraud and make informed decisions about global risks, including climate change, extreme events, sustainability and political issues. Through advanced data analytics, software, scientific research and deep industry knowledge, Verisk helps build global resilience for individuals, communities and businesses. With teams across more than 20 countries, Verisk consistently earns certification by
Great Place to Work
and fosters a
culture
where all team members feel they belong.
“Our commitments to our stakeholders—customers, shareholders, and employees—help guide positive and profitable outcomes that help businesses, people, and societies become stronger, more resilient, and sustainable.”
Unparalleled proprietary platformed analytics that drive actionable insights
The partner of choice when certainty matters
Proven innovations that solve real-world problems
Seamless integrations that deliver greater speed, precision, and scale
Latest News
View all news
Latest Presentation
Latest Events
View All Events
Latest Quarterly Reports
Q2
2026
Latest Quarterly Reports
Earnings Release
of Q2 2026, PDF file, (opens in new window)
Presentation
of Q2 2026, PDF file, (opens in new window)
Transcript
of Q2 2026, PDF file, (opens in new window)
Webcast
of Q2 2026, Online link, (opens in new window)
Quarterly Filing
of Q2 2026, PDF file, (opens in new window)
View All Financial Reports
Contact Us
Stacey Brodbar
(201) 469-4327
Send Email
Transfer Agent
EQ Shareowner Services
1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101
Mendota Heights, MN 55120
(800) 401-1957
Investor Email Alerts
To opt-in for investor email alerts, please enter your email address in the field below and select at least one alert option. After submitting your request, you will receive an activation email to the requested email address. You must click the activation link in order to complete your subscription. You can sign up for additional alert options at any time.
At Verisk, we promise to treat your data with respect and will not share your information with any third party. You can unsubscribe to any of the investor alerts you are subscribed to by visiting the ‘unsubscribe’ section below. If you experience any issues with this process, please contact us for further assistance.
By providing your email address below, you are providing consent to Verisk to send you the requested Investor Email Alert updates.
* Required
Email Address
*
Investor Alert Options
Investor Alert Options
*
News
Quarterly Reports
Annual Reports
SEC Filings
End of Day Stock Quote
Events & Presentations
Unsubscribe
Email Alert Sign Up Confirmation
Our Focus
Insurance
P/C Insurance
Life Insurance
Reinsurance
Specialty Markets
Company
About Us
Careers
Corporate Responsibility
Newsroom
Key Links
Investors
Strategic Alliances
Speakers Bureau
Statement on Modern Slavery
Resources
Thought Leadership
Events
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Privacy Notices
|
Conditions of Use
|
Cookie Preferences
© 2008, 2024
Verisk Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved.
USA:
1-800-888-4476
Global:
+ 800 48977489
VERISK ANALYTICS
®