Company Highlights
$
11
B+
Net Sales*
*Pro forma 2025 net sales for Somnigroup, inclusive of Leggett & Platt
170
+
Manufacturing Facilities
2,800
+
Retail Stores
36,000
+
Employees
Who We Are
Somnigroup International is the world’s largest bedding company, dedicated to transforming how the world sleeps. Our purpose is to drive long-term returns through sustainable competitive advantages and disciplined capital allocation as we oversee our investments in the $120 billion global bedding industry. Somnigroup’s fully-owned businesses include Tempur Sealy, Mattress Firm, Leggett & Platt, and Dreams, which collectively serve the evolving needs of consumers in more than 100 countries worldwide. We are guided by our core value of Doing the Right Thing and committed to our global responsibility to protect the environment and the communities in which we operate.
What We Do
With superior capabilities in design, component and finished goods manufacturing, distribution and retail, our businesses deliver breakthrough solutions to improve the lives of our global consumers. We bring over a century of knowledge and industry-leading innovation, with award-winning brands such as Tempur-Pedic®, Sealy® and Stearns & Foster®, and industry-leading component engineering through Leggett & Platt. Our global omni-channel platform and extensive consumer touchpoints enable us to meet consumers wherever they shop, offering a personal connection and innovation to provide a unique retail experience and tailored solutions.
Where We Operate
Somnigroup’s businesses serve consumers in over
100 countries worldwide
through more than
2,800 retail stores
, as well as
45 e-commerce platforms, 170+ manufacturing facilities and 9 state-of-the-art R&D facilities
. Our global operations are supported by
36,000 best-in-class employees
with a collective focus on transforming how the world sleeps.
Our Brands
Corporate Sustainability
Somnigroup is committed to doing business with integrity, compassion, and a focus on the greater good.
Learn More