FUTU
RE
, the real estate conference, returns September 28 – October 1.
Register Now.
Book a Free Demo
Products
Why AppFolio
Resources
Pricing
Login
Contact Us
Book a Free Demo
Your Key to an Extraordinary Career
At AppFolio, we’re a community of dreamers, big thinkers, problem solvers, active listeners, and multipliers.
We own our potential and inspire one another to do the most meaningful work of our careers.
Together, we have the power to transform our industry with a relentless drive to do better.
Search Open Roles
What Makes Us AppFolio
Grow
We enable a culture where big thinkers and problem solvers thrive. We recognize and reward AppFolians who deliver meaningful work and drive results, powering individual growth alongside company success.
Learn
We invest in you from day one by empowering a community of active listeners and multipliers. Through coaching, mentorship, and dedicated time and tools for development, we cultivate a culture that is inspired and equipped to power the future of our industry.
Impact
We innovate with purpose, connected by our values to be a force for good. The knowledge we gather from our customers, our communities, and each other inspires our relentless drive to do better.
Connect
We foster an inclusive and connected culture that fuels high performance, innovation, and collaboration, no matter where or who we are. We show up as one team and come together around a common goal of winning, trust, and fun.
Living the AppFolian Way
The AppFolian Way is a promise all AppFolians make to each other about how we'll show up each day – for our teams, for our customers, and for ourselves.
Paddle as One
Customer Obsessed
Raise the Bar
Set the Pace
Deliver Results
Paddle as One
Paddle as One
We are rooted in our values, and show up as one team.
We solve for our customers and our business above all.
We embrace change together and lead through uncertainty.
Customer Obsessed
Customer Obsessed
We win when our customers win.
We build trust by engaging with customers to listen, learn, and take action.
We strive to exceed the expectations of our customers, always.
Raise the Bar
Raise the Bar
We empower each other through a culture of coaching, feedback, and collaboration.
We lead by example and multiply the strengths of others.
We evolve by dreaming big, disrupting ourselves, and seeking out new ideas.
Set the Pace
Set the Pace
We take risks, fail fast, and own our mistakes.
We make data-driven decisions with a sense of urgency and commitment.
We thrive on healthy debate, inclusivity, and having fun.
Deliver Results
Deliver Results
We deliver exceptional customer value through industry-leading innovation.
We own our potential through a culture of high performance and profitability.
We consistently do what we say we’re going to do.
Flexible Work,
Collaborative Teams
We foster an inclusive and connected culture that fuels high performance, innovation, and collaboration, set up to support you in doing your best work no matter where you are. Most roles enjoy the flexibility to work from home when they need to, and in-person when it matters most. And all AppFolians get to experience our unique traditions and perks.
Wherever we are, we believe spending time together sparks innovation, drives customer success, and keeps us connected.
Search Open Roles
Office Hubs
Remote Hubs
Office Hubs
Office Hubs
Our dynamic Office Hubs in Santa Barbara, San Diego, and Dallas are a place for in-person connections to fuel our culture and innovation. Office Hub-based employees have regular access to our exceptional spaces, including top-of-the-line IT and office set-ups, and thoughtful workspaces for both privacy and collaboration. Our Office Hubs are also equipped with onsite refreshments, fitness and wellness offerings, regular team lunches, and unique, best-in-class connection activities and curated experiences throughout the year.
Search Open Roles
Remote Hubs
Remote Hubs
Whether it’s through co-working in shared spaces, participating in team-building activities, or giving back with volunteer events, our Remote Hubs bring AppFolians together in meaningful ways. Located in five dynamic cities—Atlanta, the Bay Area, Chicago, Denver, and Washington, D.C.—these hubs are where current and future team members can collaborate, connect, and make a lasting impact.
Search Open Roles
Benefits for Your Best Life
At AppFolio, our benefits support your whole self—across health, finances, and work-life balance—today and for the long term.
Health and Wellness
Physical Wellbeing
Mental Wellbeing
Journey Live is our free digital mental wellbeing platform for proactive mental health care through live and on-demand digital content, and is a supplement to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) with Cigna. The EAP is designed for more personalized, 1:1 support, and offers 10 free counseling sessions, per issue, per year.
Financial Wellbeing
Saving for the Future
Financial Resilience
Time Off and Leaves
Recharge, Celebrate and Give Back
Leaves for Life’s Moments
Beyond Benefits
Benefits Concierge Service
Free confidential assistance for all AppFolians and their immediate family members for Benefit questions including billing assistance, finding doctors, and other support solutions.
Family Formation Support
Advisory services in support of your reproductive journey at any stage. Available to all AppFolians and their partners.
Family Care Services
Family Care Services with Bright Horizons includes backup care and enhanced family support for your children, adult, and elderly family members. Employees receive up to 10 subsidized back-up days per calendar year. Enhanced Family Supports can help you secure ongoing family care as well. This includes access to Sittercity, pet care providers, household caretakers, tutors, and tailored resources for you.
Extra Perks
Perks for travel, financial, legal, estate and survivor assistance, pet-friendly offices, catered lunches, on-site + virtual fitness classes, free DashPass, a discount platform, and more!
Search Open Roles
Leadership Insights
‹
Shane Trigg
President and Chief Executive Officer
Welcome to Your Future of Winning
Matt Baird
Chief Technology Officer
The Journey to Real Performance Starts with AI-Native Architecture
Stacy Holden
VP, Industry Principal
Creating Thriving Communities Is the Future of Real Estate
Cat Allday
VP, Product
A Pivotal Moment in Real Estate
Kyle Triplett
Senior Vice President, Product
A Performance Platform Designed to Deliver Value
Daniel Waas
VP, Product Marketing
Real Performance Is Where Everyone Wins
›
×
Inclusion Sparks Innovation
We’re committed to fostering diversity, inclusion, and equity at AppFolio because unique perspectives make us a stronger company.
Our Commitment to a Diverse, Equitable, and Inclusive Workplace
Creating a Brighter Future
AppFolio is actively working to improve access to affordable housing by partnering with Habitat for Humanity in a long-term effort to address the challenges faced by our customers and communities.
How We’re Giving Back