FUTU
RE
, the real estate conference, returns September 28 – October 1.
Register Now.
Book a Free Demo
Products
Why AppFolio
Resources
Pricing
Login
Contact Us
Book a Free Demo
Industry Insights
Keep up with real estate industry trends, get ahead of the competition, and inspire excellence across your business.
Check out our insights and resources to get started.
Insights for Every Portfolio
No matter what types of properties you manage, we’ve got you covered. For each property type, you can start finding content fast — start here for a comprehensive guide to the latest market trends and opportunities.
Powering the Future of Real Estate
At AppFolio, we believe that innovation is the key to creating extraordinary outcomes for our customers and their communities. Learn how we’re delivering on that promise.
See Our Latest Innovations
Real Estate Industry Topics
Even in the fast-moving world of real estate, some things never change — like providing an excellent customer experience, marketing and managing your business, and pursuing growth opportunities. Check out the latest content on each of our real estate industry topics below.
Prefer to Read, Listen, or Watch? We’ve Got Something for You.
Whether you love to listen to new podcasts, or you prefer to browse the latest real estate industry research, we’ve got a variety of different types of content. Check out some of the different types of content we offer below to get started:
Research
We regularly survey real estate industry professionals and their customers to surface opportunities for improvement and growth. With a regular pulse of research that’s updated on an annual to bi-annual basis, don’t miss our latest research findings:
2026 Property Management Benchmark Report
“Business as usual" is no longer an option as NOI is squeezed by rising costs and vacancies. Uncover the data-backed moves that forward-looking operators are making to protect profitability and fuel growth.
Read More
2025 AppFolio Property Manager Renter Preferences Report
Better understand resident expectations, so you can surpass them by providing excellent service and stand out in a competitive rental landscape.
Read More
Top Challenges in Real Estate and How to Achieve Real Performance
In this NAA report, sponsored by AppFolio, you’ll uncover the top challenges, trends, and opportunities facing the industry, while exploring how teams, technology, and the customer experience can intersect to drive positive outcomes for everyone.
Get the Report
The State of AI in Property Management
Explore the industry’s current progress towards AI adoption, how the technology is being applied now, and a vision for how it will transform the future of property management.
Get the Report
Sessions
From market trends to technology strategy, our monthly educational sessions offer you the chance to attend a live presentation to learn from the experts, and ask all your burning questions. Can’t join live? Browse our library of session recordings to start learning now.
See All Sessions
See More
Industry Podcasts
The Top Floor
On The Top Floor podcast, we discuss how today's real estate leaders are building resilient company cultures, creating space for their team members to learn and grow, and using technology to create time and space for what matters most.
Listen Now
Invested
In this audio series, we connect with changemakers in the real estate investment management community to hear what they’re truly invested in. We’ll explore how the investments they make in their portfolio, business, and beyond shape their success.
Listen Now
Your Journey to Real Performance Starts Here
Book a Free Demo