Search results
At Chewy, our mission is to be the most trusted and convenient destination for pet parents and partners, everywhere.
Behind the scenes, our talented teams are made up of innovators, delighters, big-thinkers and, of course, passionate pet people—
creating a place where you'll be empowered to build, grow and unleash your fullest potential.
​
​​​
Corporate Careers
Join a world-class organization of talented pack members across a variety of roles including Finance, Human Resources, Marketing, Technology and more.
Explore Corporate Roles
Customer Care Careers
Grow and lead in an award-winning and extraordinary organization that's dedicated to providing pet happiness and delight, 24/7.
Explore Customer Care Roles
Veterinary Careers
We believe greater outcomes for pets start with greater care for veterinary teams. Join a team that’s removing barriers and allowing you to practice the highest quality of medicine.
Explore Veterinary Roles
Fulfillment Center Careers
Fulfill your potential alongside talented Team Members responsible for providing best-in-class delivery experiences and supply chain expertise.
Explore Fulfillment Center Roles
Pharmacy Careers
Our success starts with you. Help pets get the medication they need by delivering quality service in a timely manner while working closely with pharmacists, veterinary offices and Team Members 24/7.
Explore Pharmacy Roles
Campus & Early Career Programs
Make a measurable impact and gain real-world, hands-on experience at one of the fastest growing e-commerce companies of all-time.
Explore Campus & Early Career Programs
Virtual Veterinary Careers
We’re redefining how veterinary care reaches pets and pet parents through innovative virtual care and compassionate support. Join a team that empowers you to deliver trusted guidance and high-quality care when pet parents need it most.
Explore Virtual Veterinary Roles
Life at Chewy
We're proud to be an award-winning, "Best Places to Work" kind of place—one with a relentless focus on connection, community and a constant commitment to our mission.
​​​​​​​​
Our Culture
We're an ambitious pack, working with a dogged determination and dedication towards creating an inclusive, empowered and customer-first environment for our pet families, partners and one another.
Learn more
Perks and Benefits
We want you to be able to unleash your full potential for personal and professional growth, offering competitive salaries, robust medical & dental insurance, 401k plans and advancement opportunities.
Learn more
Chewy Gives Back
We're passionate about supporting animals and the greater good of pets everywhere, from our work with charitable organizations and shelters to our partnerships with veterinarians and pet health professionals.
Learn more
Be Aware of Fraudulent Job Offers
& Know What to Expect When Applying to Chewy
We’re excited you're exploring a career with us! To protect your job search experience, please note:
Chewy never asks for payments, banking details, or personal financial info as part of our hiring process.
All openings are listed on careers.chewy.com.
We only communicate using official Chewy email addresses—not public platforms like Gmail or Yahoo.
Interviews are never conducted via public messaging apps.
To confirm a job opportunity with Chewy, always refer to our open roles. If you have questions or spot something suspicious, reach out to HR@chewy.com.
Follow Life at Chewy
@Chewy
@LifeAtChewy
@LifeAtChewy
@Chewy Fulfillment Careers