Skip main navigation
Careers
Open menu
Global Careers
Open Global Careers menu
Mexico
India
Life at Zillow
Open Life at Zillow menu
Benefits
Engagement and Belonging
Values
Culture Blog
Teams
Interview Prep
Events
Openings
Global Careers
Open Global Careers menu
Life at Zillow
Open Life at Zillow menu
Teams
Interview Prep
Events
Openings
The work we do
helps people get home
.
Explore roles
A company where employees thrive
Previous items
Next items
Skip to the end of the carousel
Our core
Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the customer experience and a fundamental commitment to engagement & belonging. We place an emphasis on fostering a culture that encourages people to share their ideas and be able to access the support they need to turn those ideas into innovations that drive our company forward.
Discover our values
Benefits
Our benefits are a promise of support and security for every unique individual who chooses to call Zillow home, as well as that employee’s family. We are committed to designing benefit programs that create a sense of belonging; represent our dynamic, innovative culture; and care for our community through every chapter of life’s incredible journey.
Uncover the benefits
Flexible Work in Cloud HQ
Cloud HQ is how Zillow works day-to-day in a distributed environment to drive innovation, execution, and results. Today, depending on our employee's location and role, some may work from home full-time or from an office a few days a week. This flexibility is supported by practices that help us work smarter by fostering strong connections, maintaining momentum, and using our time intentionally.
Explore life at Zillow
Skip to the beginning of the carousel
20 years
of moving forward
Helping people get home, then and now
Previous items
Next items
Skip to the end of the carousel
2004
Rich Barton and Lloyd Frink faced challenges house hunting. From frustration to innovation, they begin assembling a team to revolutionize the way people search and shop for homes.
2006
On February 8, 2006, Zillow launches! Attracting more than 1 million visitors within the first three days, ultimately overloading the servers and crashing the website, two days later, Zillow welcomes its millionth visitor.
2008-2009
Zillow launches Mortgage Marketplace, the iPhone app, and adds rental listings to its database.
2011
Zillow launches agent ratings and reviews and adds Zestimate home valuations. Zillow becomes a public company, trading on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol “Z.”
2012-2013
Zillow acquires HotPads and StreetEasy.
2014
Zillow launches its mortgage pre-approval tool for home shoppers.
201
5
Zillow acquires Trulia and announces the formation of Zillow Group, a portfolio of real estate and home-related brands and later unveils the Premier Agent platform.
201
6
Zillow boosts the accuracy of the Zestimate and signs the White House Equal Pay Pledge.
201
7
Zillow Group pledges $5 million in cash and in-kind contributions to address housing insecurity as part of the company’s first social impact program.
201
8
Zillow begins to add Canadian listings to its mobile app and website and acquires Mortgage Lenders of America.
201
9
Zillow launches AI-powered 3D Home Tours across the U.S. and Canada.
20
20
Zillow moves to the cloud (Cloud HQ) and announces that most employees will have the flexibility to work from home indefinitely.
20
21-2022
Zillow Group acquires ShowingTime and launches ShowingTime+ to bring together leading industry software tools in a single, streamlined brand.
20
23
Zillow Group acquires Aryeo and Follow Up Boss.
20
24
Zillow Home Loans launches
BuyAbility
, a tool combining real-time mortgage rates with personalized info to help buyers understand what they can afford.
20
25
Zillow debuts the only real estate app in ChatGPT bringing the power of real listings, financing and housing insights to everyday conversations.
20
26
Zillow celebrates 20 years of building, innovating and pushing the industry forward.
Skip to the beginning of the carousel
Our work culture starts with you
Great work culture doesn't happen by accident — it's designed. At Zillow, that means building real belonging into how we work: through ERGs, virtual dialogues, community interest groups, and connection practices built for Cloud HQ. Because no matter where you are, you should feel like you're in the room.
Engagement & belonging commitments
Sustainability
We’re reimagining the possibilities in real estate — and our world. Our environmental, social and governance (ESG) strategy helps us attract and engage employees, inspire customers and partners, differentiate Zillow from competitors, and create a stable, sustainable path to growth.
Sustainability at Zillow
Stay connected with us
Working at Zillow isn’t just a job—it’s a chance to accelerate industry change, grow your career, and help more people get home. Join our Talent Network to build momentum and connect directly with roles that fit you.
Join Our Talent Network
Search Jobs
What we do
As the world continues its inevitable evolution, Zillow continues to lead the reinvention of real estate with equal focus on our customers, our employees, our partners and our communities.
Zillow has always been known for our leadership and innovation, and we’re continually looking for new ways to make it radically easier for people to move. Today, our vision is to create
“the housing super app”
— an integrated real estate experience that makes transactions more accessible, more digital, more seamless, more inclusive and more delightful to our customers.
The Zillow housing super app is an integrated digital experience in which Zillow connects all the fragmented pieces of the moving process and brings them together in one transaction platform. Start to finish,
our customers will be able to do everything within the Zillow ecosystem
.
Follow us on social
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on Tiktok
Safety awareness advisory
To ensure your safety and security, please remember that Zillow never asks candidates for personal information, identification documents, or bank details during the interview process. Furthermore, Zillow does not require candidates to make any purchases or process payments on our behalf as a condition of any employment offer.
If you come across any suspicious activity or have concerns regarding offers received, please do not hesitate to reach out to us at
careers@zillowgroup.com
. Together, we can ensure a positive and secure experience for all.
Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you have a disability and require a reasonable accommodation related to applying for employment at our company, please
contact us
.
Search
Updates
Favorites
Home Loans
Inbox