Reimagining Real Estate
Our homes are the heartbeat of our lives, and finding a home shouldn’t be so hard in today’s always-on world. That’s why we’re reimagining the traditional rules of real estate to make it easier than ever to move from one home to the next.
Upcoming and Latest Events
View All
Investor Presentations
Quarterly Results
Select Year
Selecting a year value will change the accordion list
Select Year:
Key Stats
$
772
M
Q2 2026 Revenue
$
118
M
Q2 2026 Adjusted Net Income
(1)
$
176
M
Q2 2026 Adjusted EBITDA
(2)
79
,000
Q2 2026 Multifamily Properties on Zillow Rentals
~
173
M
Homes in Living Database
239
M
Q2 2026 Avg. Monthly Unique Users
(3)
2.5
B
Q2 2026 Visits
(4)
7
,200
Employees
(1)
Adjusted net income is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, GAAP net loss, see our most recent shareholder letter.
(2)
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation, and other income. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, GAAP net loss, see our most recent shareholder letter.
(3)
Includes Zillow, Trulia, StreetEasy and HotPads mobile apps and websites as of June 30, 2026.
(4)
Includes Zillow, Trulia and StreetEasy mobile apps and websites as of June 30, 2026.
Financials
(opens in new window)
Governance
(opens in new window)
Investor Resources
(opens in new window)
Learn more about Zillow
Latest News
All News
Our Brands
Zillow Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: Z and ZG) is reimagining real estate to make home a reality for more and more people.
As the most visited real estate app and website in the United States, Zillow connects hundreds of millions of consumers with innovative technology, trusted agents and loan officers, and seamless digital solutions. With industry-leading tools and resources, Zillow supercharges real estate professionals so they can grow their businesses and deliver exceptional client experiences. For renters and housing providers, Zillow offers not only a robust marketplace but a set of end-to-end products and services to streamline applications, leases, payments and more.
Zillow’s ecosystem spans the entire home journey — from dreaming and shopping to renting, buying, selling and financing.
Zillow Group’s affiliates, subsidiaries and brands include Zillow®, Zillow Premier Agent®, Zillow Home Loans®, Zillow Rentals®, Zillow® New Construction, Trulia®, StreetEasy®, Out East®, HotPads®, Follow Up Boss®, ShowingTime®, dotloop® and Zillow® Closing.
All marks herein are owned by MFTB Holdco, Inc., a Zillow affiliate. Zillow Home Loans, LLC is an Equal Housing Lender, NMLS #10287 (
www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org
(opens in a new window)
). © 2026 MFTB Holdco, Inc., a Zillow affiliate.