Skip to main content
toggle main menu
Site Search
Investor relations
About Rocket Companies
Founded in 1985, Rocket Companies (NYSE: RKT) is a Detroit-based homeownership platform including mortgage, real estate and personal finance businesses: Rocket Mortgage, Redfin, Rocket Close, Rocket Money and Rocket Loans.
With insights from more than 160 million calls with clients each year, more than 30 petabytes of data and a mission to Help Everyone Home, Rocket Companies is well positioned to be the destination for AI-fueled homeownership. Known for providing exceptional client experiences, J.D. Power has ranked Rocket Mortgage #1 in client satisfaction for primary mortgage origination and mortgage servicing a total of 23 times – the most of any mortgage lender.
Investment highlights
Massive fragmented markets
Scaled growth and profitability
Superior client experience
Technology and data advantage
Latest news
View all financial press releases
Presentations
View all presentations
Events
View all events
Sign up to receive investor alerts
To opt-in for investor email alerts, please enter your email address in the field below and select at least one alert option. After submitting your request, you will receive an activation email to the requested email address. You must click the activation link in order to complete your subscription. You can sign up for additional alert options at any time.
At Rocket Companies, Inc., we promise to treat your data with respect and will not share your information with any third party. You can unsubscribe to any of the investor alerts you are subscribed to by visiting the ‘unsubscribe’ section below. If you experience any issues with this process, please contact us for further assistance.
By providing your email address below, you are providing consent to Rocket Companies, Inc. to send you the requested Investor Email Alert updates.
* Required
Email Address
*
Investor Alert Options
Mailing Lists
*
News
Events & presentations
Quarterly reports
Annual reports
SEC filings
End of day stock quote
Unsubscribe
Email Alert Sign Up Confirmation
Connect with us
Want to learn more about the Rocket Companies?
(313) 373-7990
Submit contact form
Who we are
About us
Our story
Philosophies
Social responsibility
Our companies
Home financing
Home sale
& search
Personal
financing
Media
Client
services & technology solutions
Our team
Leadership
Board of directors
Join our team
Press room
Press releases
Contact media relations
Twitter
Rocket Mortgage, LLC, Rocket Homes Real Estate LLC, and RockLoans Marketplace LLC (doing business as Rocket Loans
©
) are separate operating subsidiaries of Rocket Companies, Inc. (NYSE: RKT). Each company is a separate legal entity operated and managed through its own management and governance structure as required by its state of incorporation and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Rocket Companies, Inc. 1050 Woodward Avenue, Detroit, MI 48226-1906
©
Rocket Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.
Powered By Q4 Inc.
5.184.0.5
(opens in new window)