Investor Relations
A Leading Human Capital Management Solutions Company
Paychex is a leading provider of Human Capital Management (HCM) solutions, providing human resources, payroll, benefits, and insurance services for small- and medium-sized businesses throughout the U.S. and parts of Northern Europe. The workplace is evolving, and Paychex leads the way with leading-edge technology and world-class service. We make HR and payroll simple for our clients, allowing them to focus on their business.
Investor Resources
2025 Annual Report
2025 Corporate Responsibility Report
Investor 101 Presentation
Investor AI Presentation
Latest News
View Financial News
View Company News
Jun 24, 2026
Paychex Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2026 Results
Read Press Release
Jun 10, 2026
Paychex Schedules Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2026 Earnings Conference Call on June 24, 2026
May 1, 2026
Paychex Declares a 10% Increase to Quarterly Cash Dividend
Mar 25, 2026
Paychex Reports Third Quarter Results
View Financial News
View Company News
Latest Presentation
Jun 24, 2026
Fourth Quarter 2026 Investor Presentation
View Presentation
View All Presentations
Recent Event
Jun 24, 2026 9:30 am EDT
Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2026 Earnings Release Conference Call
View Event
View All Events
Latest Quarterly Financial Results
FY 2026
Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2026
Earnings Release
PDF
HTML
Audio
Earnings Webcast
Investor Presentation
PDF
$6.51B
Total Revenue
$2.81B
Adjusted Operating Income
$5.51
Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share
Source: Q4 2026 Earnings Release
For complete information regarding our financials, see our
periodic filings
*Adjusted operating income and adjusted diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) are not U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) measures. Refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of these measures and a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures.
Latest Annual Report
For Fiscal Year Ending May 31, 2025
View Interactive Report
Download 10-K
About Paychex
Paychex, Inc. (Nasdaq: PAYX) is the digitally driven HR leader that is reimagining how companies address the needs of today's workforce with the most comprehensive, flexible, and innovative HCM solutions for organizations of all sizes. Offering a full spectrum of HR advisory and employee solutions, Paychex pays one out of every 11 American private sector workers and is raising the bar in HCM for nearly 800,000 customers in the U.S. and Europe. Every member of the Paychex team is committed to fulfilling the Company's purpose of helping businesses succeed. Visit
www.paychex.com
to learn more.
Management Solutions
Our Management Solutions portfolio includes our HCM technology and service solutions including HR, payroll, and retirement services.  Clients can select services a la carte or pick a product bundle.
Discover Our Solutions
Professional Employer Organization (PEO) and Insurance Solutions
Our PEO Services provide full-service human resource offerings including HR, payroll, benefits, insurance, and an assigned HR professional.
Our Insurance Services provide property and casualty and health and benefits coverage through a variety of carriers.
View PEO Services
Employee Benefits
Business Insurance
Corporate Responsibility
We believe in giving back and enriching the lives of those who live in our communities. We fulfill this initiative through community service, operating Paychex responsibly and being a good steward of the environment.
Learn About Our Corporate Responsibility
Paychex’s Growth Year Over Year
Total Revenue ($M)
As of May 31, 2025
Adjusted Operating Income ($M)*
As of May 31, 2025
Adjusted EPS*
As of May 31, 2025
*Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted EPS are Non-GAAP measures. Refer to the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section of our quarterly and annual SEC filings for a discussion of this measure as well as a reconciliation to the closest GAAP measure.
View Most Recent Reconciliation
For complete information regarding our financials, see our
periodic filings.
Recognized for Innovation, Ethics, and Performance
World’s Most Ethical Companies
Leader in Customer Satisfaction
America’s Most Innovative Companies
Best Small Business-Focused Solution
Top HR Product
World’s Top Training Organizations
IR Contacts
Corporate Office
Paychex, Inc.
911 Panorama Trail South
Rochester, NY                            14625
Investor Relations
Rachel White
Head of Investor Relations
T: (585) 216-0822
investors@paychex.com
Transfer Agent
Equiniti Trust Company, LLC
28 Liberty Street, Floor 53
New York, NY 10005
T: (800) 401-1957
Email Alerts
Sign up for email alerts to stay informed and receive updates directly to your inbox.
Sign up today
Professional employer organization (PEO) services provided by Paychex Business Solutions, LLC (Florida employee leasing license GL7), Oasis Outsourcing, LLC (Florida employee leasing license GL42), and their affiliates, which are licensed or registered to provide PEO services where required by law.
Insurance sold and serviced by Paychex Insurance Agency, Inc., 225 Kenneth Drive, Rochester, NY 14623. CA License #0C28207.
Email Alerts
Contacts
RSS News Feed
This website uses cookies and other technologies to support website functionality, analytics, preferences, marketing, and to improve your experience and the services we provide. Our
Privacy Policy
provides more information about our cookie and technology usage. You agree to our use of cookies and other technologies when you continue using our website.
Continue