Skip to main content
Skip to footer site map
Newsroom
Search
Category
- Any -
Articles
Awards
News Releases
Subscribe to News Releases
Thank you! We look forward to keeping you updated with Paychex news.
News Releases
Stable Employment Levels Continue for U.S. Small Businesses in August
September 1, 2026
According to the Paychex Small Business Employment Watch, employment levels across U.S. small businesses with fewer than 50 employees remained stable once again in August.
News Releases
WISE at Work: Early Results Show Paychex AI Is Reducing Payroll Errors and Improving Service Efficiency at Scale
August 31, 2026
Paychex today shared early results from more than 50,000 businesses using WISE. Early adopter data shows WISE is helping customers proactively prevent payroll errors, resolve service interactions faster, and improve efficiency across the Paychex enterprise — validating the company’s strategy to bring agentic AI into mission-critical workforce workflows.
News Releases
Paychex Expands Award-Winning Lifestyle Benefits to 2M+ Employees on the Paycor® Platform
August 24, 2026
Paychex announced that the company is expanding its comprehensive lifestyle benefits to Paycor clients and their employees with the launch of Paycor Perks.
News Releases
U.S. Small Business Employment Landscape Remains Steady
August 4, 2026
The latest Paychex Small Business Employment Watch shows the pace of U.S. small business job growth in July remained steady and was slightly above average jobs index for the first half of the year.
News Releases
Paychex Expands WISE to Deliver Workforce Intelligence Across Business Tools
August 3, 2026
Paychex announced that WISE, the company’s AI-powered intelligence engine, is now available within Microsoft 365 Copilot and Teams, expanding the company’s broader channel-agnostic ecosystem strategy.
View All
In The News
CPO Rising Series: Paychex CPO on Reimagining The User Experience With AI
September 2, 2026
Products That Count
Small business employees clocked more hours in August
September 1, 2026
Accounting Today
Q&A with Katy Bunn, Chief Marketing Officer at Paychex
August 31, 2026
citybiz
View All News
Recognized for Innovation, Ethics, and Performance
World’s Most Ethical Companies
America's Most Admired Workplaces
America’s Most Innovative Companies
Best Small and Midsized Business-Focused Solution
Top HR Product
World’s Top Training Organizations