Skip to main content
Site Search
Search query
Search query
Investor Relations
Increasing access to the economy
Block, Inc. builds technology to increase access to the global economy. Each of our brands unlocks different aspects of the economy for more people.
Square
makes commerce and financial services accessible to sellers.
Cash App
is the easy way to spend, send, and store money.
Afterpay
is transforming the way customers manage their spending over time.
TIDAL
is a music platform that empowers artists to thrive as entrepreneurs.
Bitkey
is a simple self-custody wallet built for bitcoin.
Proto
is a suite of bitcoin mining products and services.
Together, we’re helping build a financial system that is open to everyone.
NEW
INVESTOR RELATIONS BOT
Ask Block's IR Bot
Get instant, cited answers grounded exclusively in Block's public disclosures.
Open the IR Bot
→
View all results
Latest News
View all news
Latest Events
View all events
IR Contact
ir@block.xyz
Follow us
follow us on twitter
follow us on instagram
Email Alerts
To opt-in for investor email alerts, please enter your email address in the field below and select at least one alert option. After submitting your request, you will receive an activation email to the requested email address. You must click the activation link in order to complete your subscription. You can sign up for additional alert options at any time.
At COMPANY NAME, we promise to treat your data with respect and will not share your information with any third party. You can unsubscribe to any of the investor alerts you are subscribed to by visiting the ‘unsubscribe’ section below. If you experience any issues with this process, please contact us for further assistance.
By providing your email address below, you are providing consent to COMPANY NAME to send you the requested Investor Email Alert updates.
* Required
Email Address
*
Investor Alert Options
*
News
Events & Presentations
Quarterly Reports
Annual Reports
SEC Filings
End of Day Stock Quote
Enter the code shown above.
Email Alert Sign Up Confirmation
Legal
Privacy
©
Block, Inc.
Powered By Q4 Inc.
5.184.0.5
(opens in new window)
During this conversation, Jack and Amrita may make forward-looking statements, including about Block’s preliminary expectations for its financial performance in the second quarter, that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. They may also speak as to certain Non-GAAP metrics. Please take a look at Block’s most recent filings with the SEC for a discussion of the Company’s risk factors and for reconciliations of Non-GAAP metrics to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.
Accept