Skip to main content
Site Search
Search query
Search query
Leadership
Executive Management Carousel
Amrita Ahuja
,
FOUNDATIONAL LEAD
Amrita is Block’s Foundational Lead, overseeing the finance, legal, and people functions, and serving as Chairperson of Block’s industrial bank Square Financial Services. She was previously CFO of Blizzard Entertainment, a division of Activision Blizzard, and held leadership positions at Fox Networks Group, the Walt Disney Company, and Morgan Stanley.
Robert  Andersen
,
PRINCIPAL DESIGNER
Robert is Block’s Principal Designer, focusing on maintaining design excellence across the company. As the first employee in 2009, he led the creative processes around the inception of our Square and Cash App products. Robert has more than 20 years of professional experience as a self-taught designer and joined Apple’s internet services team at the age of 19.
Brian Boates
,
RISK LEAD
Brian is Block’s Risk Lead, overseeing teams that are responsible for risk management and consumer protection, compliance, and applying machine learning and data science to develop products responsibly, solve problems across the business, and foster trust in our platforms. Brian played a key role in developing Blocks’s first machine learning and risk models, as well as establishing and leading teams and practices that have seamlessly integrated technology-driven solutions into our operations as we’ve scaled.
Jack  Dorsey
,
BLOCK HEAD
Jack Dorsey is Block Head, Chairman, and cofounder of Block.
Brooke  Ellis
,
DESIGN LEAD
Brooke is Block’s Design Lead, overseeing the design team and practice across all of Block’s brands. Brooke previously led Cash App’s design team, where she scaled and cultivated the Cash App brand and product. Before Block, she held creative leadership roles at Airbnb, Condé Nast, and Frog Design.
Chrysty Esperanza
,
COUNSEL LEAD
Chrysty is Block’s Counsel Lead, overseeing the legal, regulatory, and public policy functions. Chrysty has played a pivotal role in key milestones for Block, including the company’s IPO and a number of acquisitions. Prior to Block, she held positions at Electronic Arts Inc. and served as a Deputy Attorney General at the California Department of Justice.
Brian  Grassadonia
,
ECOSYSTEM LEAD
Brian is Block’s Ecosystem Lead, focused on connecting Square, Cash App and the rest of our ecosystem through product experiences. As Square’s first product lead, he helped launch our flagship card reader in 2010. Brian also co-created Cash App and later served as Cash App’s CEO. Prior to Block, he worked at a startup (acquired by Google) and in investment banking at UBS.
Owen Jennings
,
BUSINESS LEAD
Owen is Block’s Business Lead, overseeing the company’s product, operations, and customer support functions. Owen has held a number of leadership positions at Block, leading Business Operations for Square and most recently serving as Cash App's Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining Block, Owen was on the Investment team at Bridgewater Associates.
Nick Molnar
,
SALES + MARKETING LEAD
Nick is Block’s Sales and Marketing Lead, overseeing the company’s centralized sales, marketing, and communications functions to drive growth of our products. He is also cofounder of Afterpay, the global ‘buy now, pay later’ company that was acquired by Block in 2022, and effectively created a new category of payments. Prior to founding Afterpay, Nick worked as an Investment Analyst at venture capital fund M. H. Carnegie & Co.
Thomas Templeton
,
HARDWARE LEAD
Thomas is Block’s Hardware Lead, overseeing design, engineering, and operations for the company’s hardware products. Thomas joined Block in 2011 and went on to serve as General Manager of Hardware. He most recently founded Block’s Proto brand. Prior to Block, he was a part of Apple’s iPhone engineering team.
IR Contact
ir@block.xyz
Follow us
follow us on twitter
follow us on instagram
Email Alerts
To opt-in for investor email alerts, please enter your email address in the field below and select at least one alert option. After submitting your request, you will receive an activation email to the requested email address. You must click the activation link in order to complete your subscription. You can sign up for additional alert options at any time.
At COMPANY NAME, we promise to treat your data with respect and will not share your information with any third party. You can unsubscribe to any of the investor alerts you are subscribed to by visiting the ‘unsubscribe’ section below. If you experience any issues with this process, please contact us for further assistance.
By providing your email address below, you are providing consent to COMPANY NAME to send you the requested Investor Email Alert updates.
* Required
Email Address
*
Investor Alert Options
*
News
Events & Presentations
Quarterly Reports
Annual Reports
SEC Filings
End of Day Stock Quote
Enter the code shown above.
Email Alert Sign Up Confirmation
Legal
Privacy
©
Block, Inc.
Powered By Q4 Inc.
5.184.0.5
(opens in new window)
During this conversation, Jack and Amrita may make forward-looking statements, including about Block’s preliminary expectations for its financial performance in the second quarter, that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. They may also speak as to certain Non-GAAP metrics. Please take a look at Block’s most recent filings with the SEC for a discussion of the Company’s risk factors and for reconciliations of Non-GAAP metrics to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.
Accept