Please update your browser.
Download the latest version of a supported browser below to get the most out of this website:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Edge
I understand. Proceed anyway
General
Square General Terms of Service
These terms apply if you signed up for Square on or after June 1, 2026 and will become effective and apply to all Square Sellers on July 1, 2026. For terms that apply until then, see
here
.
Last updated <DATE>
We’ve included annotations in the gray boxes below to emphasize certain portions of our terms and help guide you as you read them. Annotations aren’t part of the terms and have no legal effect, but are intended to help you follow the text.
This page describes the general terms that apply to your use of any of our services. By using our services you agree to these terms on top of any other terms that apply to a specific service you are using. If you use our services on behalf of your company, your company agrees to them too.
These General Terms of Service (“General Terms”) are a legal agreement between you, as a current or prospective customer of Square’s services (“you,” “your”) and Block, Inc.,  Square Capital, LLC, and/or Square Financial Services, Inc. (“Square,” “we,” “our” or “us”), and govern your use of Square’s services, including mobile applications, websites, software, cloud-based solutions, AI products, hardware, and other products and services in the United States of America (collectively, the “Services”). By accepting these General Terms or by using any of the Services, you agree to these General Terms and any policies referenced within (“Policies”), including our
Privacy Notice
(see Section 8) and terms that limit our liability (see Section 19) and require individual arbitration for any potential legal dispute (see Section 22), which are collectively incorporated herein by reference.
When you accept these General Terms or use any of the Services, you are also agreeing to the additional agreements and/or terms of service that govern the specific Services you use (“Additional Terms”), including those listed below, which are part of your agreement with us (collectively, the “Terms”).  If you are using the Services on behalf of a business, you represent to us that you have authority to bind that business or entity to these Terms, and that business, including its employees, contractors, and agents (collectively, “Personnel”), accepts these Terms. You and your Personnel agree to read all of our Terms carefully.
Square Data Processing Agreement
: These terms apply to Square’s and your processing of personal data in connection with your use of the Services.
Square E-sign Consent:
This confirms your consent to receive certain communications, notices, agreements, billing statements, or disclosures from Square (including its affiliates and third party service providers) electronically, rather than in paper form, and to the use of electronic signatures in our relationship with you.
Square Payment Terms
: These terms apply to all Payment Services.
Square Additional Point of Sale Terms of Service
: These terms apply when you use certain Square Point of Sale Services.
Square AI Terms of Service
: These terms apply when you use any products, features and tools powered by artificial intelligence or machine learning (“AI Products”) that are offered by Square or a third party.
Square Bitcoin Terms of Service
and
Square Bitcoin Disclosures
: These terms apply to your use of Square’s bitcoin products and features. Square Bitcoin products and features may be automatically enabled.
Neighborhoods on Cash App Seller Terms of Service
: These terms apply to your participation in Neighborhoods on Cash App, the Local Cash rewards program, and your use of the Neighborhoods on Cash App services. Neighborhoods on Cash App services may be automatically enabled.
Square Financial Terms of Service
: These terms apply in connection with your use of certain financial services offered by Square.
Square Checking Terms of Service
: These terms apply when you use the Square Checking Program or Square Debit Card.
Square Savings Deposit Account Terms
: These terms apply to your use of an online savings account (“Square Savings Account”) through Square Financial Services, Inc.
Square Bill Pay Terms
: These terms apply when you use the Bill Pay Service.
Square Hardware Policies and Limited Warranty
: These terms apply when you purchase or use Square hardware or third party hardware and accessories from Square or one of Square’s authorized retailers.
Square Payroll Terms of Service
: These terms apply when you use Square Payroll.
Square for Franchises Terms of Service
: These terms apply when you use the Franchise Service.
Square Developer Terms of Service
: These terms apply when you use Square’s software development kit files (SDKs), tools, programs and utilities, as well as any plug-in or other application programming interfaces (“APIs”), sample code (including runtimes and libraries) and related documentation.
Afterpay Merchant Terms of Service
: These terms apply when you use the Afterpay payment method.
Square ACH Service Terms
: These terms apply when you use ACH Services.
Square Beta Terms of Service
: These terms apply when you participate in a Square alpha or beta testing program.
Square Commercial Entity Agreement
: If you are a “Commercial Entity” (as defined by Visa and Mastercard), your acceptance of card payments in connection with certain Square services is governed by this agreement with JPMorgan Chase and/or Bancorp, as applicable.
Square Intellectual Property Policy
: This policy applies to use of intellectual property and specifies how to file a notice of infringement if you believe that third-party material hosted by Square on any of our platforms infringes your copyright or trademark rights.
HIPAA Business Associate Agreement
: If you are subject to HIPAA as a Covered Entity or Business Associate (as defined in HIPAA) and use the Services in a manner that causes us to create, receive, maintain, or transmit Protected Health Information on your behalf, then you agree to the HIPAA Business Associate Agreement (“HIPAA BAA”).
1. Square Account Registration
Provide accurate personal information during registration and keep the information current. We can suspend or terminate your account if you provide incomplete or false information.
You are responsible for all activity on your account.
You must open an account with us (a “Square Account”) to use the Services. During Square Account registration and in connection with the Services, we may ask you for information, which may include but is not limited to, your name and other personal or business information. You must provide accurate and complete information in response to our questions, and you must keep that information current. You are fully responsible for all activity that occurs under your Square Account, including for any actions taken by your Personnel or other people to whom you have granted access to the Square Account. We reserve the right to change the account type, or suspend or terminate the Square Account of anyone who provides inaccurate, untrue, or incomplete information, or who fails to comply with the account registration requirements.
2. Revisions, Disclosures and Notices
We can make updates to our terms of service at any time, and we’ll notify you of these updates as appropriate. By continuing to use our services after these updates, you agree to the revised terms.
You also agree to receive notices from us electronically.
We reserve the right to amend the Terms at any time, and to modify, discontinue, or impose conditions on any feature or aspect of the Services with notice that we deem to be reasonable under the circumstances. Such notice and any revised version of the Terms (each a "Revised Version") may be posted on our website or communicated to you electronically or through the Services. Any use of the Services after our publication of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of the Revised Version of the Terms.
You agree to
Square’s E-Sign Consent
. We may provide disclosures and notices required by law and other information about your Square Account to you electronically, by posting it on our website, pushing notifications through the Services, or by emailing it to the email address listed in your Square Account or that you otherwise provided to Square. Electronic disclosures and notices have the same meaning and effect as if we had provided you with paper copies. Such disclosures and notices are considered received by you within twenty-four (24) hours of the time posted to our website, or within twenty-four (24) hours of the time emailed to you unless we receive notice that the email was not delivered. If you wish to withdraw your consent to receiving electronic communications, contact
Square Support
. If we are not able to support your request, you may need to terminate your Square Account.
3. Restrictions
If you want to use our services, you can’t engage in certain harmful activities. If we think you are engaged in these activities, we have the right to share your information with law enforcement.
Except where prohibited by law, you may not, nor may you permit any third party, directly or indirectly, to:
export the Services, which may be subject to export restrictions imposed by US law, including US Export Administration Regulations (15 C.F.R. Chapter VII);
engage in any activity that may be in violation of regulations administered by the United States Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Asset Control (31 C.F.R. Parts 500-599). Prohibited activity includes but is not limited to the provision of Services to or for the benefit of a jurisdiction, entity, or individual blocked or prohibited by relevant sanctions authorities, including but not limited to activities in Iran, Cuba, North Korea, Syria, Afghanistan, Belarus, Venezuela, the Crimean Region of the Ukraine, and/or any other Russian-occupied regions of Ukraine. If found to be in apparent violation of these restrictions, your account could be terminated and your funds could be held for an indefinite period of time;
access or monitor any material or information on any Square system using any manual process or robot, spider, scraper, or other automated means;
except to the extent that any restriction is expressly prohibited by law, violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on any Service, work around, bypass, or circumvent any of the technical limitations of the Services, use any tool to enable features or functionalities that are otherwise disabled in the Services, or decompile, disassemble or otherwise reverse engineer the Services;
perform or attempt to perform any actions that would interfere with the proper working of the Services, prevent access to or use of the Services by our other customers, or impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works, publicly display, republish, upload, post, transmit, resell or distribute in any way material, information or Services from Square;
use and benefit from the Services via a rental, lease, timesharing, service bureau or other arrangement;
transfer any rights granted to you under these General Terms;
use the Services in a way that distracts or prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws;
use the Services for the sale of firearms, firearm parts, ammunition, weapons or other devices designed to cause physical harm;
use the Services for any illegal activity or goods or in any way that exposes you, other Square users, our partners, or Square to harm; or
otherwise use the Services except as expressly allowed under these Terms.
If we reasonably suspect that your Square Account has been used for an unauthorized, illegal, or criminal purpose, you give us express authorization to share information about you, your Square Account, and any of your transactions with law enforcement, in accordance with applicable laws.
4. Compatible Mobile Devices and Third Party Carriers
We do not warrant that the Services will be compatible with your mobile device or carrier. Your use of the Services may be subject to the terms of your agreements with your mobile device manufacturer or your carrier. You may not use a modified device to use the Services if the modification is contrary to the manufacturer’s software or hardware guidelines, including disabling hardware or software controls—sometimes referred to as “jail broken.”
5. Your Content
You retain all rights to your content when you upload it into our Services, but you do give us broad rights to use, modify, and display your content in our Services, and share it with our third party partners to facilitate the Services. You can see specifics on the rights you grant us below.
Also, anything you provide us or make available to the public through our services must not contain anything that we think is objectionable (e.g., illegal, obscene, hateful or harmful to you, our customers or us). We can remove any content at any time.
The Services may include functionality for uploading, selecting, creating, or providing suggestions, recommendations, feedback, stories, photos, documents, logos, products, loyalty programs, promotions, advertisements, business information, and other materials or information (“Content”).
You grant us and our subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, and as authorized by Square in our sole discretion, third parties, a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, transferable, irrevocable, perpetual, and sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, prepare derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, and publicly display your Content throughout the world in any media for any reason, including to provide, promote, facilitate, and/or incorporate into the Services on “cash.app” web domains and other affiliated products and services offered by us, including on Cash App and your Online Ordering Profile. Any use of your Content by third parties is subject to those third parties’ terms. You retain all rights in your Content, subject to the rights you granted to us in these General Terms. You may modify or remove your Content via your Square Account or by terminating your Square Account, but your Content may persist in historical, archived or cached copies and versions available on or through the Services.
You will not upload or provide Content or otherwise post, transmit, distribute, or disseminate through the Services any material that: (a) is false, misleading, unlawful, obscene, indecent, lewd, pornographic, defamatory, libelous, threatening, harassing, hateful, abusive, or inflammatory; (b) encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or gives rise to civil liability; (c) breaches or infringes any duty toward or rights of any person or entity, including rights of publicity, privacy or Intellectual Property Rights; (d) contains corrupted data or any other harmful, disruptive, or destructive files; (e) advertises products or services competitive with Square’s or its partners’ products and services, as determined by us in our sole discretion; or (f) in our sole judgment, is objectionable, restricts or inhibits any person or entity from using or enjoying any portion of the Services, or which may expose Square, its affiliates or its customers or other persons to harm or liability of any nature.
You acknowledge that Square acts solely as an online service provider and hosting platform with respect to all Content, which is stored, displayed, and made available at your direction. Square’s role in hosting, displaying, or facilitating access to Content, including through tools or features that assist in choosing, selecting, creating, or refining Content, does not constitute authorship or editorial control. Your use of such tools does not alter Square’s role as a host and service provider under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512), and you remain solely responsible for all Content.
Although we have no obligation to monitor any Content, we have absolute discretion to remove Content at any time and for any reason without notice. Square may also monitor such Content to detect and prevent fraudulent activity or violations of the Terms. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Content, including any loss or damage to any of your Content.
6. Copyright and Trademark Infringement
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and ask you to do the same. We have adopted an
Intellectual Property Policy
regarding third-party claims that your material infringes the rights of others. We respond to all valid notices of such infringement, and our policy is to suspend or terminate the accounts of repeat infringers.
7. Security
We take security incredibly seriously, but can’t guarantee that bad actors will not gain access to your personal information. You need to do your part by keeping your passwords safe, being smart about who has access to your account and which of your devices can access our services, and letting us know if you think an unauthorized person is using your account.
If there is ever a dispute about who owns your account, we are the decision-maker.
We have implemented technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental destruction, loss, alteration and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. You provide your personal information at your own risk.
You are solely responsible for safeguarding your password and for restricting access to the Services from your compatible mobile devices and computer(s). You will immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or Square Account or any other breach of security. You will immediately take all reasonable steps to mitigate the effects of a security breach and will cooperate with Square and provide all information requested by Square to remediate the breach. Any assistance provided by Square in relation to a security breach does not in any way operate as acceptance or acknowledgement that Square is in any way responsible or liable to you or any other party in connection with such breach.
Notwithstanding Sections 21 and 22, in the event of any dispute between two or more parties as to account ownership, we will be the sole arbiter of such dispute in our sole discretion. Our decision (which may include termination or suspension of any Square Account subject to dispute) will be final and binding on all parties.
8. Privacy
We respect your privacy. Your use of the Square Services is subject to our Privacy Notice, which describes how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information.
When processing personal information on your Personnel or customers, both parties will comply with their obligations under Square’s Data Processing Agreement, which forms a part of these Terms.
Your Personal Information
By using any of our Services as a Square seller, you acknowledge our data practices that apply to you, as set out in the
Square Account Holder Privacy Notice
(the “Privacy Notice”). The Privacy Notice explains how Square collects, uses and protects the personal information you provide to us where Square makes use of your personal data to provide you with the Services or for its own purposes. You are required to familiarize yourself with the Privacy Notice prior to using the Services.
Personal Information of Your Personnel and Customers
Square will process personal data of your Personnel or customers in accordance with the
Data Processing Agreement
and any privacy notice applicable to the specific products or services that you use. Each party will comply with its respective obligations under the Data Processing Agreement, which is incorporated into these Terms by reference.
9. Communications
You consent to us sending messages to your email or mobile devices about your account or our services, which may include marketing. You can opt out of communications in ways that are specific to that communication method, such as by unsubscribing from emails, or replying to text messages with ‘STOP’.
On your own behalf and on behalf of your business and Personnel, you consent to accept and receive communications from us, including e-mail, text messages, calls, and push notifications to the cellular telephone number you provide to us when you sign-up for a Square Account or update the contact information associated with your account. Such communications may include, but are not limited to requests for secondary authentication, receipts, reminders, notifications regarding updates to your account or account support, and marketing or promotional communications. You acknowledge that neither you nor your Personnel are required to consent to receive promotional texts or calls as a condition of using the Services. Call and text message communications may be generated by automatic telephone dialing systems. Standard message and data rates applied by cell phone carriers may apply to the text messages we send you and your Personnel.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional email communications we send to you by following the unsubscribe options on such emails. You may opt out of any promotional phone calls by informing the caller that you would not like to receive future promotional calls. You may only opt-out of text messages from Square by replying STOP. You acknowledge that opting out of receiving communications may impact your use of the Services.
We also provide Services that allow you to send short message service (SMS) messages to your customers (the “Seller-Initiated SMS Services”). You will only use the Seller-Initiated SMS Services in compliance with these Terms and all other applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdiction from which you send messages and in which your messages are received.
10. Paid Services
Lots of what we offer is free, but we offer paid services too. We can collect payments for a paid service by either charging your linked debit/credit card or taking the payment from your transaction proceeds, Square-account balance or linked bank account.
We’ll give you reasonable advance notice if we change our subscription fees, and you can cancel your subscription at any time.
Square’s Services include both paid-for Services (“Paid Services”) and free Services, for which no additional fees are charged (“Free Services”). Square offers certain Paid Services to be paid for on a recurring basis (“Subscription Services”) and others on an as-used basis ("Usage-based Services"). Subscription Services may subject you to recurring fees and/or terms. By signing up for a Subscription Service, including after any free trial period, you agree to pay us the subscription fee and any applicable Taxes (as defined below) (“Subscription Fee”). Usage-based Services may subject you to fees charged per usage and/or terms, including transaction volume. By using a Usage-based Service, you agree to pay the fees and any Taxes incurred at the time of usage (“Usage-based Fees” and, together with Subscription Fees, the “Paid Service Fees”). See
Payment Terms
for terms applicable to Payment Services.
In general, Paid Service Fees may be paid by debit card, credit card, or deducted from your transaction proceeds; however, Paid Service Fees related to hardware may only be paid by debit card or credit card. If you link a debit or credit card to your account, you authorize us to collect Paid Service Fees by debit from your linked debit card or charge to your linked credit card. Regardless of payment device or method, we reserve the right to collect Paid Service Fees by deduction from your transaction proceeds, the Balance (as defined in the Payment Terms) in your Square Account or your linked bank account.
Unless otherwise provided in a Subscription Service’s terms, Subscription Fees will be charged on the first of every month until canceled. You may cancel a Subscription Service at any time from your Square Account settings. If you cancel a Subscription Service, you will continue to have access to that Subscription Service through the end of your then-current billing period, but you will not be entitled to a refund or credit for any Subscription Fee already due or paid. We reserve the right to change any Subscription Fee upon reasonable advance notice. Your continued use of Subscription Services after notice of a change to our Subscription Fee will automatically establish your agreement to such changes.
11. Taxes
Your Taxes are your responsibility. But we may have an obligation under applicable law to charge and/or remit Tax on Paid Services and report certain information about you to the IRS or other applicable Tax authority.
For purposes of these Terms, “Tax” and “Taxes” include any and all taxes, charges, fees, levies or other assessments, including, without limitation, income, telecommunications, sales, value-added, goods and services tax or similar taxes, documentary, stamp tax or duty, gross receipts, excise, real or personal property, withholding, social security, occupation, use, severance, environmental, license, net worth, payroll, employment, franchise, transfer and recording taxes, imposed by any domestic or foreign Taxing authority, including any penalties, interest or additions to tax.
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all Paid Services Fees are exclusive of any Taxes. You are responsible and liable for identifying and calculating any and all Taxes required to be assessed, incurred, collected, paid or withheld for your use of the Services. Unless otherwise expressly stated, you also are responsible and liable, from the time of your Square Account creation, for (a) determining whether Taxes apply to your sale of products or services, payments received, bill payments made or received, and/or any other transactions arising from or out of your use of the Services, (b) registering with Tax authorities in jurisdictions where you are required to do so by applicable law, (c) calculating, collecting, reporting, paying, and/or remitting any such applicable Taxes to the appropriate Tax and revenue authority, and (d) reporting of information to tax or revenue authorities as required by applicable law with respect to transactions with any of your payees, which may include your employees, contractors or customers (“Your Tax Information Reporting”). Square specifically disclaims any liability for such Taxes and Your Tax Information Reporting and you agree to fully indemnify, defend, and hold Square harmless against any such Taxes and Your Tax Information Reporting and any other related expenses or costs. Unless otherwise expressly stated in these Terms, you agree that we are not a marketplace, marketplace facilitator, marketplace provider, or similar construct under any applicable law relating to sales, use, or similar taxes, nor do the Services hereunder provide a marketplace or similar construct, and you agree to not take any tax position to the contrary, including on any tax return, tax filing, in any tax audit or examination or otherwise.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Square may charge applicable Taxes on Services, as required by law, which you agree to pay, unless you provide Square with timely appropriate, complete, and accurate information and documentation satisfying the legal and Tax requirements of the relevant governmental or Tax authority to establish that the otherwise applicable Tax is not required to be charged by Square. You agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold Square harmless against any Tax imposed by a Tax authority for failure to apply correct Taxes from the time the Square Account was initially created if such failure is a result of your failure to provide Square with the correct evidence to support your exemption from such Taxes, as applicable.
Square may be obligated under applicable laws to report certain information to tax and revenue authorities (“Square Tax Information Reporting”) and/or you with respect to your use of the Services. Upon request, you shall provide Square with the necessary information to complete any applicable Square Tax Information Reporting and recertify such information from time to time, as may be required by applicable law, or otherwise in connection with any Tax audit or examination. If you use our Services you acknowledge that we will report to the applicable Tax and revenue authorities the required Square Tax Information Reporting (including the total number and amount of payments you received during the relevant reporting period). We also may, but are not obligated to, send to you the Square Tax Information Reporting.
If applicable, Square shall be entitled to deduct from any payments to you the amount of any applicable withholding Taxes with respect to amounts payable, or any other Taxes, in each case required to be withheld by Square to the extent that Square remits such Taxes to the appropriate Tax authority on your behalf. Any amounts so deducted or withheld shall be treated as having been paid for all purposes of these Terms and Square will not be obligated to increase or gross-up any payment on account of any withholding of Tax.
You acknowledge and agree that Square is not providing any Tax advice and nothing Square says or provides to you should be interpreted as such. For any Tax-related inquiries in connection with the Services or these Terms, you should consult your own Tax or legal advisor.
12. Modification and Termination
We can terminate or deny you access to our services at any time, for any reason. You can also choose to deactivate your account at any time.
We may terminate these General Terms or any Additional Terms, or suspend or terminate your Square Account or your access to any Service, at any time for any reason, including a violation of the Terms. We may add or remove, suspend, stop, delete, discontinue or impose conditions on Services or any feature or aspect of a Service. We will take reasonable steps to notify you of termination or these other types of Service changes by email or at the next time you attempt to access your Square Account. You may also terminate the General Terms and Additional Terms applicable to your Square Account by deactivating your Square Account at any time.
13. Effect of Termination
Once our relationship ends, we are not responsible for any losses you experience because of the termination of our services or for removing your data from our servers. Some terms of our agreement will still apply even after our relationship ends.
If these General Terms, any Additional Terms, your Square Account, or your use of or access to any Service is terminated or suspended for any reason: (a) the license and any other rights granted under these Terms will end, (b) you agree to immediately terminate and cease use of all Services, (c) we may (but have no obligation to) delete your information and account data stored on our servers, and (d) we will not be liable to you or any third party for compensation, reimbursement, or damages for any termination or suspension of the Services, or for deletion of your information or account data. In addition to any payment obligations under the Payment Terms, the following sections of these General Terms survive and remain in effect in accordance with their terms upon termination: 5 (Your Content), 6 (Copyright and Trademark Infringement), 7 (Security), 8 (Privacy), 13 (Effect of Termination), 15 (Ownership), 16 (Indemnity), 17 (Representations and Warranties), 18 (No Warranties), 19 (Limitation of Liability and Damages), 20 (Third Party Products), 21 (Disputes), 22 (Binding Individual Arbitration), 23 (Governing Law), 24 (Limitation on Time to Initiate a Dispute), 25 (Assignment), 26 (Third Party Service and Links to Other Web Sites), and 28 (Other Provisions).
14. Your License
We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use the Paid Services, and a royalty-free, limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use the Free Services as authorized in these General Terms. We may make updates to the Services available to you, which you must accept to continue using the Services. Any such updates may be subject to additional terms made known to you at that time.
15. Ownership
While we’re happy to let you use our services, you don’t have any ownership rights in them. We can act on any ideas you share with us about how we can improve our products and services free of charge.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in the Terms. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, patent and other laws of the United States and other countries. We own all rights, title, and interest, including worldwide Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below), in and to the Services and all copies of the Services. The Terms do not grant you any rights to our trademarks or service marks.
For the purposes of these General Terms, “Intellectual Property Rights” means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights, and other intellectual property rights that may exist now or come into existence in the future, and all of their applications, registrations, renewals and extensions, under the laws of any state, country, territory or other jurisdiction.
Other marks on the Services not owned by Square may be under license from the trademark owner thereof, in which case such license is for the exclusive benefit and use of Square unless otherwise stated, or may be the property of their respective owners. The General Terms do not grant you any rights to any trademarks or service marks on the Services.
You may submit feedback, comments or ideas about the Services (“Ideas”). Submitting Ideas is entirely voluntary, and we will be free to use such ideas as we see fit without any obligation to you.
16. Indemnity
If you do something using our services that gets us sued or fined, you agree to cover our losses as described below.
You will indemnify, defend, and hold us and our processors (and our respective employees, directors, agents, affiliates and representatives) harmless from and against any and all claims, costs, losses, damages, judgments, tax assessments, penalties, interest, and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or in connection with any claim, action, audit, investigation, inquiry, or other proceeding instituted by any person or entity that arises out of or relates to: (a) any actual or alleged breach of your representations, warranties, or obligations set forth in these Terms; (b) your wrongful or improper use of the Services; (c) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any right of privacy, publicity rights or Intellectual Property Rights; (d) your violation of any law, rule or regulation of the United States or any other country or any inaccuracy in any Tax Information provided hereunder; (e) any third-party claims made by your Buyer regarding Square’s processing of your customer/Buyer’s Personal Information in connection with providing you with the Services; and (f) any other party’s access and/or use of the Services with your unique name, password or other appropriate security code; and (g) any transaction, purchase, good or service in respect of which Square provides, or provided, you with payment processing services in accordance with the Terms.
17. Representations and Warranties
Here’s the part where you promise that you are who you say you are, and that you will obey the law and our terms.
You represent and warrant to us that: (a) you are at least eighteen (18) years of age; (b) you are located in the United States; (c) you and your business are eligible to register for and use the Services and have the right, power, and ability to enter into and perform under these General Terms; (d) you have provided the Terms and all legally required notices to your Personnel, and have obtained acknowledgements and required consents from your Personnel as to the Terms; (e) any information you provide in connection with the Services, including your business name and information, accurately and truthfully represents your business, ownership or personal identity under which you sell goods and services, and is otherwise accurate, true, current, and complete; (f) you and all transactions initiated by you will comply with all federal, state, and local laws, rules, and regulations applicable to you and/or your business, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”); (g) you will not use the Services, directly or indirectly, for any fraudulent undertaking or in any manner so as to interfere with the operation of the Services; and (h) your use of the Services will be in compliance with the Terms.
18. No Warranties
While we do our best to bring great products and services to our customers, we provide them as-is, without warranties. We are not responsible for any goods and services that you might buy or sell using Square’s services.
THE USE OF “SQUARE” IN SECTIONS 18 AND 19 MEANS BLOCK, INC., ITS PROCESSORS, ITS SUPPLIERS, AND ITS LICENSORS (INCLUDING EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, AND EMPLOYEES).
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, WHETHER IT IS EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, SQUARE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
SQUARE DOES NOT WARRANT, REPRESENT OR GUARANTEE IN ANY WAY THAT THE SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR CORRECT; THAT THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION, UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, WITHOUT DEFECT OR SECURE; THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE SERVICES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR FIT FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
SQUARE DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY. SQUARE DOES NOT HAVE CONTROL OF, OR LIABILITY FOR, GOODS OR SERVICES THAT ARE PAID FOR USING THE SERVICES.
19. Limitations of Liability and Damages
As described below, if something bad happens because of your use of our services, our liability is capped.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SQUARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, INABILITY TO USE, OR UNAVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICE. IN ALL CASES, SQUARE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL SQUARE BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS, OR INJURY RESULTING FROM HACKING, TAMPERING, OR OTHER UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICES OR YOUR SQUARE ACCOUNT, OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF SQUARE IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (A) THE AMOUNT OF FEES EARNED BY US IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES DURING THE THREE (3) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM FOR LIABILITY, OR (B) $500.
THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SECTION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF SQUARE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
20. Third Party Products
All third party hardware and other products included or sold with the Services are provided solely according to the warranty and other terms specified by the manufacturer, who is solely responsible for service and support for its product. For service, support, or warranty assistance, you should contact the manufacturer directly. SQUARE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO SUCH THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
21. Disputes
When you see the word “Dispute” in these terms, here’s what it means.
“Disputes” are defined as any claim, controversy, or dispute between you and Square, its processors, suppliers or licensors (or their respective affiliates, agents, directors or employees), whether arising before or during the effective period of these Terms, and including any claim, controversy, or dispute based on any conduct of you or Square that occurred before the effective date of these Terms, including any claims relating in any way to these Terms or the Services, or any other aspect of our relationship.
22. Binding Individual Arbitration
This section provides details about how we will resolve disputes through the arbitration process.
General.
You and Square agree that any and all Disputes, except those that are resolved informally or brought in a small claims court, will be individually arbitrated by a neutral arbitrator who has the power to award the same individual damages and individual relief that a court can. YOU AND SQUARE MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS; CLASS ARBITRATIONS, CLASS ACTIONS, AND REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS ARE NOT PERMITTED. YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE YOUR CASE DECIDED BY A JURY AND YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION AGAINST SQUARE. Nothing in this agreement prevents you or Square from settling Disputes on a class, representative, or consolidated basis. If any term of this arbitration agreement in Section 22 is found unenforceable, including the  Mass Procedures described below, the unenforceable term will be severed, and the remaining terms will be enforced (but in no case will there be a class action, class arbitration, or representative action arbitration).
Pre-Filing Requirement to Attempt to Resolve Disputes.
Before an arbitration is commenced, you and Square agree to attempt to avoid the costs of formal dispute resolution by giving each other a full and fair opportunity to address and resolve a Dispute informally. Both parties recognize that this is an important requirement, and that breach of this requirement would be a material breach of the Terms. To provide this opportunity, before commencing any arbitration, proceeding in small claims court, or lawsuit (when permitted by this arbitration agreement), each party agrees to send to the other party a written Notice (“Notice”) and personally meet and confer to informally resolve any Dispute. Any Notice to Square should be sent by mail to Block, Inc., Attn: Arbitration Agreement, 1955 Broadway, Suite 600, Oakland, CA 94612. Any Notice sent to you will be mailed to the address on file for your account. The Notice must: (i) include your name, mailing address, Square Account name, and the email address and phone number associated with your account, and; (ii) provide detailed information sufficient to evaluate the merits of the claiming party’s individualized claim and for the other party to determine if an amicable resolution is possible; (iii) set forth the specific relief sought, including an accurate, good-faith calculation of the amount in controversy, enumerated in United States Dollars, including whatever amount of money is demanded and the means by which the demanding party calculated the claimed damages; and (iv) be personally signed by you or Square, as applicable. A Notice is only valid when it pertains to, and is on behalf of, an individual party. A Notice brought on behalf of multiple parties is invalid as to all. Both parties agree that they will attempt to resolve a Dispute through an informal negotiation within sixty (60) days from the date the Notice is received, and you and Square therefore agree that, before either you or Square demands or attempts to commence arbitration or litigation (where permitted) against the other, both parties will personally meet and confer, via telephone or videoconference, with each other in a good-faith effort to resolve informally any Dispute. These informal resolution conferences shall be individualized such that a separate conference must be held each time either party intends to commence individual arbitration or litigation (where permitted); multiple parties initiating claims cannot participate in the same informal resolution conference, unless mutually agreed to by the parties. If you are represented by counsel, your counsel may participate in the conference, but you shall also fully participate in the conference. Engaging in an informal resolution conference is a requirement that must be fulfilled before commencing arbitration or litigation (where permitted). Any statute of limitations shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal resolution process required by this paragraph.
After that sixty (60) day period and not before, and after the informal resolution conference has occurred and not before, either party may elect, in a written Notice to the other party as described above, that it will pursue the matter either through small claims court or arbitration. The party receiving the notice shall then have seven (7) days to respond, including to elect for the case to be heard by a small claims court with jurisdiction. After that seven (7) day period and not before, either party may commence arbitration if not proceeding in small claims court with jurisdiction. You agree that compliance with the informal resolution process described above is a condition precedent to commencing arbitration or filing a claim in small claims court. A party’s failure to satisfy this condition precedent entitles the opposing party to seek immediate dismissal of the arbitration or litigation (where permitted) and the right to seek reimbursement for its costs. If either party elects small claims court, the Dispute will be resolved in that forum and not through arbitration. Each party agrees that state courts in the City of Oakland and County of Alameda, California, or federal court for the Northern District of California, referenced below, may enter injunctive relief to enforce the pre-filing requirements of this paragraph, including an injunction to stay an arbitration that has been commenced in violation of this paragraph. Each party also agrees that state courts in the City of Oakland and County of Alameda, California, or federal court for the Northern District of California may address whether a claim filed in small claims court or in arbitration has been previously released.
Scope of Arbitration.
If we and you are not able to resolve the Dispute by informal negotiation or, as provided below, in a small claims court, all Disputes will be resolved finally and exclusively by binding individual arbitration with a single arbitrator (the “Arbitrator”) administered by National Arbitration and Mediation (“NAM”) (
https://www.namadr.org
) according to the NAM Comprehensive Rules and Procedures in effect at the time of the arbitration, and when applicable, the
NAM Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings
(together, the “NAM Rules”), and this Section 22. In the event NAM is unavailable to administer the arbitration, either party may invoke 9 U.S.C. § 5 to request that a court appoint the Arbitrator. Except as set forth above, and for Disputes subject to jurisdiction in small claims court, the Arbitrator shall be responsible for determining all threshold arbitrability issues, including issues relating to whether the Terms (or any aspect thereof) are enforceable, unconscionable or illusory and any defense to arbitration, including waiver, delay, laches, or estoppel.
Small Claims Court.
Subject to applicable jurisdictional requirements, either party may elect to pursue a Dispute in a local small claims court rather than through arbitration so long as the matter remains in small claims court and proceeds only on an individual basis. If a party has already submitted an arbitration demand to the arbitration provider but before an Arbitrator has been selected, and the claim is subject to the jurisdiction of the filing party’s local small claims court, the other party can send a written notice to the opposing party and the arbitration provider requesting that the Dispute be decided in small claims court. Upon receipt of such notice, and if all outstanding arbitration service fees have been paid, the arbitration provider shall then administratively close the case.
Arbitration Procedures.
The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16, including its procedural provisions, fully applies. So long as it is consistent with the NAM Rules, the arbitration shall occur through the submission of documents to one Arbitrator. To the extent the Arbitrator determines that a hearing is required, the arbitration shall be conducted remotely by telephone or video conference. To the extent that the Arbitrator determines that an in-person hearing is required, the arbitration hearing will take place as close to your hometown as practicable. You and Square will have the right to file early or summary dispositive motions. The Arbitrator’s award will be binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. Square values your privacy, particularly with respect to your financial transactions and data. Each of the parties shall maintain the confidential nature of the arbitration and shall not (without the prior written consent of the other party) disclose to any third party the fact, existence, content, award, or other result of the arbitration, except as may be necessary to enforce, enter, or challenge such award in a court of competent jurisdiction or as otherwise required by applicable law. While an Arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief, the Arbitrator may do so only with respect to the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the individual party’s claim. The Arbitrator’s decision and judgment thereon will not have a precedential or collateral estoppel effect with respect to disputes involving other parties.
Mass Procedures.
To increase the efficiency of administration and resolution or arbitrations, you and Square agree that in the event that there are twenty-five (25) or more individual arbitration demands of a substantially similar nature filed against Square by or with the assistance of the same or coordinated counsel or entities (“Mass Proceeding”), the parties shall select twelve (12) individual arbitration demands (six (6) per side) for which arbitration will initially proceed (“Bellwether Arbitrations”). The NAM Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings shall apply to Mass Proceedings. While the Bellwether Arbitrations are adjudicated, all other demands for arbitration that are part of the Mass Proceeding shall be held in abeyance and stayed, no other cases may be filed in arbitration, and NAM shall not accept or demand payment of any administration or arbitrator fees in connection with such stayed demands (other than any initial filing fees, and/or Procedural Arbitrator fees, if applicable, already paid or incurred). Any applicable statute of limitations shall be tolled as to non-Bellwether Arbitrations demands when such non-Bellwether Arbitrations are held in abeyance. The tolling period will begin when the claimant first provided the Notice of its intent to initiate an informal resolution conference as described above. Throughout this first stage, the Arbitrators for the Bellwether Arbitrations are encouraged to resolve the cases within 120 days of appointment or as swiftly as possible thereafter, consistent with fairness to the parties.
Following resolution of the Bellwether Arbitrations, all parties agree to engage in a single global mediation of all remaining demands comprising the Mass Proceeding (the “Bellwether Mediation”). Square shall pay the mediation fee.  If the parties are unable to resolve the remaining demands comprising the Mass Proceeding within thirty (30) calendar days following the Bellwether Mediation, NAM shall (1) administer all such remaining demands in batches of 100 demands per batch (or, if between twenty-five (25) and ninety-nine (99) individual demands remain, a single batch of all those demands, and, to the extent there are fewer than 100 demands remaining after the batching described above, a final batch consisting of the remaining demands); (2) appoint one Arbitrator for each batch; and (3) provide for the resolution of each batch on a consolidated basis with one set of administrative fees due per batch, one procedural calendar, one hearing (if any) in a place to be determined by the Arbitrator, and one final award, which will provide for any and all relief to which the Arbitrator determines each individual party is entitled (“Batch Arbitration”). NAM shall administer all batches concurrently, to the extent possible.
All parties agree that demands are of a “substantially similar nature” if they arise out of or relate to the same event or factual scenario and raise the same or similar legal issue(s) and seek the same or similar relief. To the extent the parties disagree on the application or enforceability of these Mass Procedures, the disagreeing party shall advise NAM, and NAM shall appoint a sole standing Procedural Arbitrator or, should the circumstances so require, an Emergency Arbitrator, according to the NAM Rules, to resolve the dispute (the Procedural Arbitrator or Emergency Arbitrator, the “Administrative Arbitrator”). In an effort to expedite resolution of any such initial questions, the parties agree that the Administrative Arbitrator may set forth such procedures as are necessary to resolve any such initial questions promptly. Square shall pay the Administrative Arbitrator’s costs.
All parties agree that the Mass Procedures are designed to be a generally faster, more efficient, and more affordable mechanism for resolving a Mass Proceeding, including the claims of individual parties who are not selected for a Bellwether Arbitration.
All parties agree to cooperate in good faith with the arbitration provider to implement the Mass Procedures, including deferring any costs associated with the non-Bellwether Arbitration Mass Proceedings until the Bellwether Arbitrations and Bellwether Mediation have concluded, paying single administrative fees for any subsequent batches of demands that proceed pursuant to Batch Arbitration, and cooperating to take any steps to minimize the time and costs of arbitration, which may include the appointment of a discovery special master to assist the Arbitrator in the resolution of discovery disputes and the adoption of an expedited calendar of the arbitration proceedings.
These Mass Procedures shall in no way be interpreted as authorizing or creating a class, collective, or representative action of any kind, or an arbitration involving joint or consolidated claims, except as expressly set forth in this Section 22, and nothing about the Mass Procedures will preclude any party from participating in any arbitration administered according to that process.
Arbitration Fees.
Your and Square’s responsibility to pay any NAM fees and costs will be solely as set forth in the applicable NAM fee schedules (the “Fee Schedules”). You agree that you do not intend to use the Service for personal, family or household use. Accordingly, for purposes of calculating any arbitration costs and fees, you and Square agree that you are not a "consumer," and that the NAM Comprehensive Fees schedule will apply. The arbitrator’s hourly fees (also referred to as Arbitrator Hearing Time) shall be split evenly between the parties. For purposes of this arbitration agreement, references to you and Square also include respective subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors, successors and assigns as well as authorized users or beneficiaries of the Services.
Opt Out.
You have the right to opt out of this arbitration agreement by sending a written notice of your decision to opt out (the “Opt Out”) within thirty (30) days after you first create a Square Account, or for existing customers who agree to this as a terms update, within thirty (30) days after first becoming subject to this arbitration agreement. The Opt Out must be mailed to Block, Inc., Attn: Arbitration Agreement, 1955 Broadway, Suite 600, Oakland, 94612 (please note that any correspondence not related to opting out sent to this address will not receive a reply). For your convenience, we are providing an
opt out notice form
you must complete to Opt Out. To complete this form, you must provide your name, address, phone number and the email address(es) you used to sign up for and use the Services. This is the only way to opt out of this arbitration agreement. Any Opt Out will be effective only if you send it yourself, on an individual basis, and opt outs from any third-party purporting to act on your behalf will have no effect on your or Company’s rights. If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, all other parts of these Terms, Additional Terms, and other policies applicable to the Services will continue to apply to you.  Opting out of this arbitration agreement will have no effect on any arbitration agreements that you may currently have with us, including any previous versions of this arbitration agreement to which you agreed and did not timely opt out, which will remain in effect, and has no effect on any future agreements you may reach to arbitrate with us.
Court Proceedings.
Subject to and without waiver of the arbitration agreement above, you agree that any judicial proceedings (other than small claims actions as discussed above) will be brought in and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state courts in the City of Oakland and County of Alameda, California, or federal court for the Northern District of California.
23. Governing Law
Our relationship is governed by the laws of California, federal law, or both.
These General Terms and any Dispute will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, as set forth above, and by California law and/or applicable federal law, without regard to its choice of law or conflicts of law principles.
24. Limitation on Time to Initiate a Dispute
Any action or proceeding by you relating to any Dispute must commence within one year after the cause of action accrues.
25. Assignment
You may not transfer any rights you have under our terms of service to anyone else.
Unless expressly authorized by Square, these General Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you and any attempted transfer or assignment will be null and void.
26. Third Party Services and Links to Other Websites
While you’re using our products and services, you may be offered services from third parties. We are not responsible for any issues you may have with them.
You may be offered services, products and promotions provided by third parties and not by Square, including, but not limited to, third party developers who use Square’s services (“Third Party Services”). If you decide to use Third Party Services, you will be responsible for reviewing and understanding the terms and conditions for these services. We are not responsible or liable for the performance of any Third Party Services. Further, you agree to resolve any disagreement between you and a third party regarding the terms and conditions of any Third Party Services with that third party directly in accordance with the terms and conditions of that relationship, and not Square. The Services may contain links to third party websites. The inclusion of any website link does not imply an approval, endorsement, or recommendation by Square. Such third party websites are not governed by these General Terms. You access any such website at your own risk. We expressly disclaim any liability for these websites. When you use a link to go from the Services to a third party website, our Privacy Notice is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on a third party website, including those that have a link in the Services is subject to that website’s own terms, rules and policies.
27. Third-Party Beneficiaries
No provision in these Terms is intended or shall create any rights with respect to the subject matter of these Terms in any third party.
28. Other Provisions
These General Terms, and any applicable Additional Terms or Policies, are a complete statement of the agreement between you and Square regarding the Services. In the event of a conflict between these General Terms and any other Square agreement or Policy, these General Terms will prevail and control the subject matter of such conflict. If any provision of these General Terms or any Additional Terms is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, then it will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law, and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. These Terms do not limit any rights that we may have under trade secret, copyright, patent, or other laws. No waiver of any term of these Terms will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.