Skip to content
The Global E-Commerce Platform
Global-e merges the three pillars of e-commerce acceleration – Enablement, Intelligence, and Demand – into one all-encompassing platform to drive your growth worldwide.
Localised Shopper Experience
Messaging
Add customised location-specific notifications throughout the buying journey, promoting key marketing messages.
Price and currencies
Let shoppers browse and buy in their local currency. Use Global-e’s insights to set the optimal pricing strategy to drive conversions and optimise margins.
Checkout experience
Provide shoppers with a localised, accessible and fully responsive checkout process, so they can easily complete their purchase on any device.
Shipping
Offer your global shoppers a variety of shipping methods at competitive rates.
Tax and duty
Present shoppers with a guaranteed final cost of their purchase, according to local best practices, and prevent unexpected add-on fees upon delivery.
Payment options
Allow shoppers to pay with their preferred method, choosing from the most popular options in their market, including local and alternative methods like digital wallets, BNPL, and more.
Returns
Offer a transparent and easy returns process, including pre-paid and local returns, to improve buyer confidence.
Customer support
Give international shoppers access to their order information, through a user-friendly dashboard, allowing them to track their parcels and easily get their questions answered.
Streamlined Merchant Experience
Global-e makes it simple for merchants to sell worldwide by managing all aspects of global e-commerce trading for them. We cover it all, while you focus on your brand and stay in control.
Merchant of Record
As the Merchant of Record, Global-e takes on the responsibilities of global online trade. We handle payment processing, tax filling and local regulations compliance in every market, so you don’t have to.
End-to-end Operations
Our platform covers all international logistics by leveraging a robust worldwide ecosystem, including global and local carriers, fulfilment services, and PSPs.
Regulations and tax compliance
We manage country restrictions and import processing to keep your international e-commerce store compliant and up to date with ongoing changes to local regulations.
Risk Management
Our solution provides currency fluctuation protection and international payments fraud prevention, reducing risk while maximizing payment acceptance rates.
Merchant support
We work closely with you, providing ongoing reporting, guidance, best-practice recommendations, and technical support to accommodate your business needs and continuously optimize results.
Self-Management Tools
The merchant portal provides full visibility and control of global e-commerce activity, allowing you to track performance and manage your proposition in over 200 markets from one place.
End-to-end Operations
Global-e’s platform covers all international logistics by leveraging our robust worldwide ecosystem, including global and local carriers, fulfilment services and PSPs.
Regulations and tax compliance
We manage country restrictions and import processing, to keep your international e-commerce store compliant and up-to-date with local regulations in every market.
Risk Management
Global-e provides currency fluctuation protection and international payments fraud prevention, reducing the risks involved in global online selling while maximising payment acceptance rates.
Merchant support
We work closely with you, providing ongoing reporting, guidance and best practice recommendations as well as technical support, to accommodate your business needs and constantly optimise your results.
Self-Management Tools
Our merchant portal gives you a full view and control of your global e-commerce activity. Easily track your performance and manage your proposition in over 200 markets from one place.
Proprietary Global Insights to Maximise Your Growth
Leverage our exclusive and massive global dataset, to optimise your performance in every market. Our data driven market know-how, generated from billions of transactions made through the Global-e platform, enable you to tailor your offering to local preferences and global market trends.
15123123123
VISITS
51123123
TRANSACTIONS
Ongoing Analysis to Optimise Your Performance
Global-e equips you with industry benchmarks and performance analysis, and recommends ways to improve your results. The Global-e platform constantly tracks global shopping trends, providing merchants with market intelligence to help them make informed decisions, boost e-commerce conversions and accelerate profitability.
Dedicated Guidance to Drive Your Success
Our team of global e-commerce experts provides ongoing consulting and recommendations based on our extensive data and insights to accelerate your global online growth. We work closely with you to help you reach your business goals and capitalise on new opportunities.
Reach New Customers with
Expand your audience and grow your global customer base via our multi-country B2C platform — borderfree.com.
Showcase your products among the world’s most iconic brands to gain exposure and channel global demand to your website.
Tap into an Exclusive Community of Global Shoppers
Access Global-e’s borderfree network of international online shoppers. Promote your brand to millions of consumers worldwide through dedicated campaigns and benefit from our exclusive demand generation program
Scale Up Your Digital Marketing
Boost traffic and grow your customer base in markets with identified growth potential through our A-Z acquisition service. Run targeted localised campaigns in every market, combining comprehensive media strategies, local consumer behavior analysis and digital trends insights.
Make The World Your Market
LET’s TALK
Request Demo
En UK
En US
FR
DE
日本語
한국어