Home
/
Company
/
Careers
Intro
Benefits & Perks
Life at BILL
Our Teams
Inclusion & Impact
Early in Career
Search for Jobs
Careers
Build something
big
We are BILLders—and we give businesses the financial tools they need to crush their goals.
Search for Jobs
Join Our Talent Community
What we do
At BILL, we supercharge the businesses that fuel our economy with financial tools that help them make big moves. Our vision-driven team makes a real impact on growing businesses, operating with purpose and curiosity to spark innovation.
Our origins
Our founder and CEO, René Lacerte, grew up around small and midsize businesses and saw them as the lifeblood of our economy. He created BILL to be a champion of these businesses, and now we’re building
financial solutions
that give them more control over their money. BILL’s welcoming and inspiring workplace culture is in large part thanks to René’s direct influence.
We're proud of our history
'06
CashView is founded to give businesses visibility and control over cash
'09
Introduction of syncs for accounting systems
Automation of check payments and beginning of ACH support
'17
Closed $100M in financing from JPMorgan, Chase, Temasek, and others
Signed deal with Chase
'19
IPO: BILL listed on NYSE
Brand refresh to convey BILL's leadership position
'21
Closed deal to acquire Divvy
Closed deal to acquire Invoice2go
'23
Exceeded 1 billion in annual revenue
'25
8.3 million network members pay or get paid with BILL
'08
Company renamed Bill.com and links first major distribution with CPA2Biz
'13
2 of the top 5 US banks select our payments platform for business customers
'18
Launched international payments
'20
New HQ completed in San Jose
'22
Closed deal to acquire Finmark
Rebrand to BILL
'24
Achieved $300B in total payment volume (~1% of U.S. GDP)
'06
CashView is founded to give businesses visibility and control over cash
'08
Company renamed Bill.com and links first major distribution with CPA2Biz
'09
Introduction of syncs for accounting systems
Automation of check payments and beginning of ACH support
'13
2 of the top 5 US banks select our payments platform for business customers
'17
Closed $100M in financing from JPMorgan, Chase, Temasek, and others
Signed deal with Chase
'18
Launched international payments
'19
IPO: BILL listed on NYSE
Brand refresh to convey BILL's leadership position
'20
New HQ completed in San Jose
'21
Closed deal to acquire Divvy
Closed deal to acquire Invoice2go
'22
Closed deal to acquire Finmark
Rebrand to BILL
'23
Exceeded 1 billion in annual revenue
'24
Achieved $300B in total payment volume (~1% of U.S. GDP)
'25
8.3 million network members pay or get paid with BILL
Delivering results that matter
On every team at BILL—from product and engineering to sales and finance— we work fast and smart, and we always look for ways to raise the bar. Together, we give businesses the tools they need to reach new heights. And we know how to have fun doing it!
Nearly half a million
businesses use BILL to help automate their financial operations.
†
BILL processed
$345B
in total payment volume in FY’25 (~1% of U.S. GDP).
*
98 of the top 100
US accounting firms partner with BILL.
**
Over 8 million
network members pay or get paid with BILL.
*
†
As of September 2025.
*
As of June 2025.
**
As of March 2026.
Benefits & perks
Serious benefits—
and serious fun
A career is about more than just where you work—it’s about developing the person you want to become. That’s why BILL offers top-tier benefits, exceptional flexibility, and an environment where you can be yourself while supporting customers from all different walks of life.
Health and  wellness
80% - 100% of health insurance premiums are covered
Fully paid parental leave for new parents
Free mental wellbeing benefits including coaching and therapy sessions
BILL contributes up to $4,000 into Health Savings Accounts
Short- and long-term disability coverages are automatically included—and free
Basic life and AD&D insurance coverage of 2x annual earnings up to $650,000 (with additional coverage available) is provided
Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance coverage begins on day one
Healthcare and dependent care FSAs, commuter and travel benefits
Family planning and fertility support through Maven
Opt-in legal services
Medical support while traveling abroad
New hire tech set up allowance
Monthly mobile phone stipends
Work and life
Flexible time off (and we mean it!)
Hybrid schedule that supports flexibility for employees near a BILL office
10 paid holidays, and 2 floating holidays annually
3 days a year to volunteer for the causes that matter to you
Community support through seven employee resource groups (ERGs)
Free in-office meals, snacks, and beverages
Choose from dedicated and flexible office seating options
Top-notch gym facilities on-site in San Jose and Draper offices
Work from (almost) anywhere for up to 2 weeks per year
Learning and development resources
Long-term incentives
A 3-year vesting cycle on new hire RSUs—the first vest is at 12 months, and then quarterly
Annual bonus based on company and individual performance
An employee stock purchase plan that can save you up to 15% on BILL stock
Life at BILL
Our team is a community, and our culture comes through in our shared experiences, celebrations, and success stories.
Our philosophy
At BILL, we believe that leaders are not born—they are created. That’s why we work together to develop the skill we need to not only succeed in our positions, but to lead our company to a bigger, better future.
Our values
Humble
We check our egos at the door. We are curious. We listen, accept feedback, and are comfortable asking for help so we can grow together.
Authentic
We earn and show trust by being real—embracing our authentic selves and our differences. We each bring unique superpowers to the organization and use them to achieve the best results for our customers, our business, and each other.
Passionate
We care deeply about our customers and each other. We work with purpose, drive, and curiosity. We enjoy learning and evolving with each new experience.
Accountable
No one is an island—we are duty bound to our teams, our customers, and society. We partner, collaborate, and innovate to deliver results that matter. We own our outcomes. We win and fail together, and then ask, “What’s next?”.
Fun
We wrap it all together by building connections and enjoying time spent together. We believe our teammates are more than just coworkers. We share life experiences and celebrate together.
Meet our BILLders
Meet our BILLders
Hear from BILLders
“The engineering environment here is very autonomous while also being supportive. I don't have to fit this cookie-cutter shape of what an engineer looks like. My strengths are catered to. And that's something special BILL offers.”
Morgan
Senior Software Engineer
Learn More
“At BILL, we need people who are innovative, who are fearless in learning and trying new things and doing things differently. We need people who are passionate, dedicated, authentic, and also humble—people who are fearless customer advocates.”
Likang
Manager, Product Design
Learn More
“Selling to small and midsize businesses (SMBs) is really about having more meaningful conversations. We talk to a lot more people on the phone in a way that feels authentic and real. Our customers are all people starting or growing a business, and they just need to find a better way to run their financial operations. We can really help them.”
Jolyn
Sales Manager
Learn More
“What it really takes to thrive here is a willingness and an openness to leave your ego at the door and collaborate well with others. Not just make sure that you are performing well in your role, but that other people are able to do the same and that you aren't an obstacle for them.”
Jacob
Service Delivery Lead
Learn More
“To me, the culture at BILL is authentic, fun, and driven. We are focused on our mission, but we like to have fun while we do so. And we get to bring our full selves to work, which is something that really matters to me. So for people who are interested in joining BILL, I would first say bring your whole self. Because that allows us to bring better solutions to our customers.”
Josh
Director, Product Management
Learn More
Want to hear from our customers? Check out our
customer stories
.
Follow BILL to stay in the know
Follow BILL to stay in the know
Facebook icon
LinkedIn icon
YouTube icon
Instagram icon
Where we work
We enjoy the flexibility of a hybrid work environment. Many BILLders live in other places across the US—and all of us have the flexibility and support to live full lives.
San Jose, CA
Draper, UT
San Jose, CA
Draper, UT
Our teams
We support each other in the work we do and the lives we lead. We’re building something we can be proud of—together.
We're grateful for our community
“I wanted to apply my learning to something that could make a difference. And BILL is a place where I could make a difference faster. We're really, really agile in that manner.”
Padmini
Senior Director, Engineering
“As an immigrant and a woman in cybersecurity, I used to feel I had to fit a certain mold to succeed, and I felt pressure to conform. But working at BILL has reminded me of the power of authenticity.
Creating a space where people can be true to themselves builds trust, confidence, and empowers everyone.”
Sharon
Director, Infosecurity
“We play hard, we work hard, and we do it all together. That's what makes being a BILLder so much fun.
The paternity leave that I've been able to utilize to bond with my children has been incredible. I feel like BILL actually cares about me as a person and about my family as an entity.”
Bryce
Manager Strategic CSM
“Something that really stands out to me is the way that BILL cares about their customers. It's so refreshing to be able to come in and work a corporate job where everybody's goal is to help SMBs thrive.
Typically, in a finance job, you are looking to bolster only your own company, and here at BILL, we're lifting everybody up.”
Kit
Payment Operations Analyst
Our teams define us
Engineering
BILL makes software that lets businesses crush their goals—and our engineers are the beating heart of software development.
Finance
BILL is a fintech company—so everyone knows the finance team is essential. They turn coffee into balance sheets and numbers into answers.
Legal and compliance
These BILLders make sure we play by the rules, protecting our reputation and navigating complex situations.
Marketing
If it weren’t for our marketing team, you wouldn’t even be reading this sentence.
Operations
Our operations team keeps everything running like clockwork so we can keep hitting deadlines and surpassing our goals.
Customer experience
When our customers need a helping hand, the CX team is there with solutions.
Product design
Want proof that UI can be both beautiful and functional? Talk to anyone on our product design team.
Project management
If you want to make your dreams a reality, the first step is to talk to project management.
Revenue and sales
This is about more than closing deals—it’s about helping our customers make the right choice for their businesses.
Corporate development
Growth doesn’t happen without solid strategies and a bulletproof plan. That’s where corporate development comes in.
People
Our people team doesn’t just recruit and make sure we get paid—they support a culture where BILLders flourish.
Search for Jobs
Inclusion and impact
We value diverse perspectives, and also recognize that inclusivity drives innovation and smarter decisions—strengthening our work, our teams, and our customers.
Our DEI commitment
Diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) are essential to our values, making BILL a place where employees can thrive as their authentic selves and support customers from all different walks of life.
Our four DEI pillars guide how we operate, creating a culture where diversity is not just celebrated, but cultivated for collective success. We’re building a workplace where everyone belongs—inside BILL and beyond.
BILL’s DEI strategy is built around four key pillars:
Building balanced teams
‍
01
We champion underrepresented talent, and we value actual skills and potential as much as resumes. Through our partnerships, we encourage talent from diverse backgrounds to pursue careers in tech. With our inclusive accommodations, we empower every candidate and employee to succeed.
Sharpening our inclusive leadership skills
02
There is always more to learn. We believe inclusion is a shared responsibility that begins with our leaders. So we host speakers from diverse backgrounds, offer e-learning on mitigating bias in the workplace, and encourage safe space dialogues on a regular basis.
Fostering a culture of belonging
03
Our employee resource groups help create a workplace where everyone belongs. These self-organized communities help employees build connections, develop new skills, and celebrate the different cultures represented at BILL. We value allies who actively learn, advocate, and provide support.
Growing diverse customers
‍
04
We use our platform and reach to spotlight women, minority, veteran, disability, and LGBTQ-owned businesses. We’re proud to support our customers and celebrate their success as our own.
“What sets BILL apart, and what really stood out to me, was the diverse representation that we have here as a company. There are people from very diverse backgrounds and very different experiences and walks of life. I think that really makes it an important place to be.”
Mark
CXO Advocacy Manager
Our employee resource groups (ERGs)
BILL’d Ability
We prioritize mental health in a safe and inclusive environment for all at BILL. We raise awareness, advocate for, and support those that are differently-abled in visible and invisible ways.
BILL'd APAC
We celebrate, gather, and elevate our Pan Asian and Pacific Islander (PAPI) communities within BILL.
BILL'd Black
We nurture Black leaders at all levels of the organization by investing in their career growth and development.
BIll'd P.R.I.S.M
We provide a community for LGBTQIA+ persons and allies to be their authentic selves and spread a message of acceptance and growth.
BILL'd Vida
We provide a network of employees dedicated to creating an inclusive environment and supports the Latino workforce and community to achieve excellence.
BILL'd Veterans
We support, encourage, and uplift our community of service members, veterans, military spouses, families, and allies.
BILL'd Women up
We elevate, educate, and inspire the women of BILL to achieve their full potential as equals and leaders.
Our partnerships
We proudly partner with a variety of organizations to
nurture and support future BILLders.
Black is Tech
Black Is Tech is a platform that connects Black professionals, entrepreneurs and students with resources for growth and development, including access to jobs, funding for startups, learning resources and more.
Learn More
CodePath
CodePath is reprogramming higher education to create the most diverse generation of engineers, CTOs, and founders. They deliver industry-vetted courses and career support centered on the needs of Black, Latino/a, Indigenous, and low-income students.
Learn More
CodePath ICP
Featured program to connect with Black and Latino/a Computer Science students seeking their first technical internship.
Learn More
ColorStack
ColorStack exists to increase the number of Black and Latinx Computer Science graduates that go on to launch rewarding technical careers.
Learn More
Out in Tech
Out in Tech unites the LGBTQ+ tech community by creating opportunities for members to advance their careers, grow their networks, and leverage tech for social change.
Learn More
Women Impact Tech
As a WBENC-Certified WBE and Certified LGBT Business Enterprise, Women Impact Tech’s mission is to inspire, empower, and advance gender equity so that women can thrive in their careers and organizations can build productive, diverse, and inclusive teams.
Learn More
Early in career
Building future leaders
Whether your career is just starting or more established, our tailored programs and big opportunities help you drive real results with a supportive team.
Make an impact
Kickstart or elevate your career with our programs, partnerships, and growth-focused training. The
size and scale of our company
means high-impact work alongside approachable leaders and coworkers who are rooting for you.
The BILL Intern Program
BILL interns take charge of game-changing projects that have a real impact on small and midsize businesses, our products, and our team. Plus, you’ll grow both personally and professionally with opportunities that connect you to our values and help small businesses succeed.
What to expect
The 11-week, fully paid program includes engagement opportunities such as: exclusive opportunities to connect with BILL execs, interactive, skill-boosting professional workshops, and personalized, growth-focused mentorship. Interns are eligible to receive benefits including medical, dental, and vision coverage, as well as mental health and wellness programs. We post internship openings for undergraduate and graduate students every August, and new interns are welcomed in May/June.
“One thing that did stand out to me was how well the values are actually portrayed. They're not just listed and forgotten about. They're really lived through and the goal of the company to support small, medium-sized businesses, I think, is something everyone can get behind.”
Conner
Software Engineer Intern
University of Utah
“Don’t overlook smaller companies, because those environments can actually be very conducive to your growth and your development. I think there's a more intimate setting, depending on the company, and at least with BILL, I got a very structured internship program that is more like a big company, but I got the support and the connections of a smaller one.”
Jessica
Software Engineer Intern
BS in Computer Science, Rice University
“No one puts any undue stress on interns. Your managers, your mentors, everyone's there to help you out. Everyone's very inclusive here. It doesn't matter if you're an intern or if you're a director, everyone's equal.”
Ajay
Machine Learning Intern
MS in Artificial Intelligence, Carnegie Mellon University
Ready to be a
BILLder?
Search for Jobs
Two decades of financial innovation
Heading
goes
here
Since 2006, BILL has grown from a payments solution into a leading financial operations platform.