Skip to Content
INVESTOR RELATIONS
Powering Entrepreneurship Everywhere
Shopify exists to make commerce better for everyone. We're the platform that turns the hardest parts of building a business into simple, powerful tools—so anyone, anywhere can start, scale, and thrive. Our business model is simple: when our merchants win, we win. Relentless innovation keeps Shopify and our merchants ahead of the curve. That's how we grow—by making sure our merchants do.
Why invest in Shopify?
Latest Earnings
LATEST PODCAST
May 20, 2026
Tobi Lütke – Building Shopify and the Future of AI
Listen Now
Why invest in Shopify?
A leading unified operating system powering the future of commerce for millions
We build the platform that makes starting and growing a business possible for anyone, anywhere. We deliver incredible value by turning complexity into simple, powerful tools. As commerce and technology shift, Shopify adapts—so our merchants don’t just keep up, they lead. That’s how we create durable growth for our business and theirs.
Millions
of merchants in 175+ countries
$1.6T
Cumulative GMV
1
>14%
US ecommerce market share
2
Enabling entrepreneurship at scale
Embedded merchant trust
Expanding Total Addressable Market
Cohorts that strengthen over time
Building the foundation to power the future of agentic commerce
One platform, every surface
Innovation and product velocity
Strong ecosystem and best-in-class partnerships
Conversion engine at checkout
Compounding growth at scale
Built to scale
Durable cash generation
1
Cumulative Shopify GMV since Shopify’s inception.
2
The US ecommerce market is based on US Census Bureau data (Quarterly Retail E-Commerce Sales, not adjusted) for 2025. Shopify market share represents sales by Shopify merchants based on Shopify’s 2025 US GMV (excluding merchant sales made through POS).
Latest earnings
Q2 2026
Harley’s recap of Shopify’s latest earnings
Watch Now
Press release
Read the official press release on Shopify’s latest financial results.
Download the PDF
Earnings webcast
Listen to our recorded webcast for the latest on our business results.
Listen to the webcast
Investor presentation
Review for more information on Shopify’s business and quarterly trends.
Download the PDF
Financials
Find more financial information, including our SEC and SEDAR filings.
Review financial supplemental
Download 10-Q
View all financials
Podcasts
Featured Podcasts
Hear podcasts that share Shopify’s perspective on commerce, technology, and entrepreneurship
View all podcasts
May 20, 2026
Tobi Lütke – Building Shopify and the Future of AI
Listen Now
January 18, 2026
Tobi Lütke: 21 Years of Building Shopify
Listen Now
October 6, 2025
Cheeky Pint - October 6, 2025
Listen Now
September 18, 2025
Acquired - September 18, 2025
Listen Now
Shopify launches 100+ updates every six months in Editions, with no slowdown in sight.
Explore Editions
News & Events
Get Shopify’s latest financial news, events, and key updates
Press Releases
View all news
August 5, 2026
Shopify Delivers Big: 30%+ Growth Across GMV, Revenue, Gross Profit, and Free Cash Flow
Read the article
July 8, 2026
Shopify to Announce Second-Quarter 2026 Financial Results
Read the article
June 16, 2026
Shopify Announces Results of its 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
Read the article
Latest Events
View all events
September 10, 2026
2026 Goldman Sachs Communacopia + Technology Conference: Jeff Hoffmeister, CFO & Archie Abrams, Head of Growth
Webcast
August 5, 2026
Shopify Q2 2026 Financial Results Conference Call
Webcast
June 16, 2026
Shopify Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
Webcast
Stay informed
Sign up for email alerts to receive the latest investor news directly in your inbox.
Subscribe to email alerts