Gary Friedman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Gary Friedman has served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Founder of the RH brand as we know it today, since January 2014. Mr. Friedman joined RH in April of 2001 when the business was known as Restoration Hardware, a $350 million mall-based retail business on the verge of bankruptcy, selling mostly nostalgic discovery items and some Mission-style furniture. He has spent the past 24 years transforming every aspect of the business and building RH into the leading luxury interior design brand in the world today with revenues in excess of $3 billion. While many in the retail industry have been shrinking or closing stores, Mr. Friedman and his team have developed some of the largest and most inspiring retail experiences in the world, many in historically significant buildings with integrated interior design studios, restaurants, and wine, and barista bars. Some examples being RH San Francisco, The Gallery in the Historic Bethlehem Steel Building, RH Chicago, The Gallery in the Historic Three Arts Club, and RH England, a 17th Century, 73 acre estate with three restaurants and one of the most meticulously curated Architecture and Design Libraries, including the first modern printing in 1492 of De Architectura, The Ten Books on Architecture by Vitruvius. Mr. Friedman is continuing to elevate and evolve the RH brand with the introduction of RH Guesthouses, a new hospitality concept for travelers seeking privacy and luxury, the first of which opened in New York City, and the second under construction in Aspen, inclusive of the first RH Bath House & Spa, and where the Company will also be introducing RH Residences, fully furnished luxury homes with integrated services that deliver taste and time value to discerning time starved consumers. Prior to RH, Mr. Friedman spent 14 years in various positions at Williams-Sonoma Inc. lastly serving as President and Chief Operating Officer, and President of the WilliamsSonoma, Pottery Barn, and West Elm brands. Mr. Friedman was responsible for transforming Pottery Barn from a $50 million tabletop and accessories business into a billion dollar plus home lifestyle brand. Mr. Friedman also developed the revolutionary Williams-Sonoma Grande Cuisine stores, and conceptualized and developed the West Elm brand. Mr. Friedman began his career as a stock boy at the Gap store in Santa Rosa, California. He spent eleven years with the Gap, and held the positions of Store Manager, District Manager, and Regional Manager overseeing 63 stores in Southern California.
Eri Chaya
President, Co-Chief Merchandising & Creative Officer and Director
Eri Chaya has served on our Board of Directors since 2012, and has served as our President, Chief Creative and Merchandising Officer since November 2017. Ms. Chaya leads product curation and integration, brand creative and business development for RH Interiors, Contemporary, Modern, Beach House, Ski House, Outdoor, Baby & Child and TEEN, across the Company’s physical, digital and print channels of distribution. Ms. Chaya previously served as RH’s Co-President, Chief Creative and Merchandising Officer and Director from May 2016 to November 2017, Chief Creative Officer from April 2008 to May 2016 and Vice President of Creative from July 2006 to April 2008. Prior to RH, Ms. Chaya was a creative director at Goodby, Silverstein and Partners, an international advertising agency, and a creative director at Banana Republic.
Lisa Chi
President, Co-Chief Merchandising & Creative Officer
Lisa Chi has served as our President, Co-Chief Merchandising & Creative Officer Officer since May 2025. Ms. Chi co-leads product curation and integration, brand creative and business development for RH Interiors, Modern, Outdoor, Baby & Child and TEEN, across the Company’s physical, digital and print channels of distribution. Ms. Chi brings extensive experience in merchandising, product development and brand strategy, having served as Chief Merchandising Officer at Arhaus since July 2021. Prior to that, Ms. Chi held the role of Senior Vice President of Merchandising for Upholstery at RH from March 2017 to June 2020. Previously, Ms. Chi served as Senior Vice President and General Merchandise Manager of Stores, Digital and Catalog at Talbots from July 2014 to March 2016. Ms. Chi holds a Bachelor of Arts in Public Policy from Stanford University.
Jack Preston
Chief Financial Officer
Jack Preston has served as our Chief Financial Officer since March 2019 and leads all financial functions, including strategic and financial planning, accounting, treasury, tax, internal audit, investor relations, as well as our technology teams, across the Company’s multiple businesses and brands. Mr. Preston served as RH’s Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Strategy Officer from August 2014 to March 2019, and Senior Vice President, Finance and Strategy from April 2013 to August 2014. Prior to RH, Mr. Preston worked for Bank of America Merrill Lynch for over 12 years, where he served as a Director in the consumer and retail investment banking group. Mr. Preston holds a bachelor of commerce degree from the Sauder School of Business at the University of British Columbia.