Skip to main content
Investor Relations
About Toast
Toast is a global technology platform built for restaurant and retail businesses. From the busiest local restaurants and shops to large hospitality brands, Toast helps owners and operators manage their businesses more efficiently, drive guest demand, and build lasting success.
Toast integrates software, agentic AI, payments, financial technology solutions, and hardware with a broad partner ecosystem. Powering billions of purchases throughout local commerce, Toast delivers the precision and innovation required for modern restaurant and retail environments.
Latest News
View all news
Latest Events
View all events
View all results
Follow us
Follow Toast on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow Toast on Instagram
Follow Toast on LinkedIn
Follow Toast on Youtube
IR Contact
ir@toasttab.com
Email Alerts
To opt-in for investor email alerts, please enter your email address in the field below and select at least one alert option. After submitting your request, you will receive an activation email to the requested email address. You must click the activation link in order to complete your subscription. You can sign up for additional alert options at any time.
At Toast, we promise to treat your data with respect and will not share your information with any third party. You can unsubscribe to any of the investor alerts you are subscribed to by visiting the ‘unsubscribe’ section below. If you experience any issues with this process, please contact us for further assistance.
By providing your email address below, you are providing consent to Toast to send you the requested Investor Email Alert updates.
* Required
Email Address
*
Investor Alert Options
Investor Alert Options
*
News
Events & Presentations
Quarterly Reports
Annual Reports
SEC Filings
End of Day Stock Quote
Unsubscribe
Email Alert Sign Up Confirmation
Privacy Statement
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Terms of Service
Merchant Agreement
Legal
Report a Vulnerability
©
Toast, Inc.
Powered By Q4 Inc.
5.184.0.5
(opens in new window)
(Opens in new window)