Skip to main content
Contact Sales: (857) 496-6007
Contact Sales
Flexible pricing options for every restaurant and retailer
24/7 support
Offline mode
In the event of an internet or network disruption, Toast's offline mode allows you to continue to place orders, print tickets and receipts, and take credit card payments until the connection is reestablished and you're back online.
Simple & fast set-up
Hardware that works as hard as your team does
Designed to blend into your decor. Built to withstand the rigors of the hospitality industry.
Explore Toast Hardware
Work with a recognized leader
Leading review platforms consistently rank Toast among the top solutions based on real user feedback.
Explore add-ons
All Toast products work seamlessly together, so you can spend less time troubleshooting and more time doing what you love.
See how it works
Frequently asked Toast pricing questions
What are the upfront costs?
The upfront costs for Toast are hardware and implementation, which vary depending on your specific hardware packages and installation needs. 0% interest financing is available by application and subject to approval.
Within our Starter Package, we also offer the Pay-as-You-Go plan that reduces your upfront hardware and installation costs through an all-in-one platform rate.
Can I use my own hardware?
You may access Toast's services only through devices identified by Toast as compatible with and capable of accessing or supporting Toast's services using a wired or wireless connection to the internet. Toast's services do not function with every device and may only be used on approved Toast hardware. Toast may alter which devices are approved as compatible with its services in Toast’s discretion from time to time.
Is Toast a payment card processor?
Toast is not a payment card processor, but it is a payment facilitator that partners with processors to offer card processing services.
Does Toast pricing include customer support?
Toast Care is included in every software subscription at no additional cost and open all day, every day — 24/7/365 — by phone or web messaging.
Will I also need to purchase a 4G stick so I can use the devices if Wi-Fi goes down?
Please see
this article
on network connection requirements for Toast devices and read more about offline mode
here
.
Are there flexible payment options available?
We know that one size doesn't fit all restaurants, find out more about flexible payment options
here
.
Ready to get started?
Talk to a restaurant expert today and learn how Toast can help your business.
Get a Demo
This page was last updated on:
August 20, 2026
*
Pricing applies to new customers and single locations only.
1
Pricing includes first hardware terminal subscription. Additional charges apply for subsequent devices.
2
Terms & conditions
apply.