Skip to main content
Search
Close search
Our mission
We reimagine the way the world moves for the better
A letter from our CEO, Dara Khosrowshahi
Corporate responsibility
Safety
Privacy
Global citizenship
Accessibility
At the heart of what we do
Because we connect millions of people around the world every day, it's our responsibility to build for safety. In strengthening our processes, forming our Safety Advisory Board, and adding new tools, our aim is to reduce incidents not only on our platform, but everywhere.
Read more
Safeguarding data
We believe that safeguarding personal information, creating and enforcing data privacy and security policies, and building new privacy-enhancing technologies put our customers in control.
Read more
Moving everyone forward
Our global platform puts us in a unique place to provide economic opportunity at scale, to make access to transportation more equitable, and to create a sustainable future to help communities and the planet thrive.
Read more
Design for the 100%
Our technology is only as powerful as the people who can use it. We’re committed to giving everyone access to our technology, regardless of physical or technological limitations. We continue to refine our products so that everyone has the independence to move freely.
Read more
The latest news and events
News
Events and presentations
View all
View all
Financials
News and events
Sign up for email alerts
To opt in to receive investor email alerts, please enter your email address in the field below and select at least one alert option. After submitting your request, you’ll receive an activation email at the requested email address. You must click the activation link in order to complete your subscription. You can sign up for additional alert options at any time.
You can unsubscribe to any of the investor alerts you are subscribed to by visiting the Unsubscribe section below. If you experience any issues with this process, please contact us for further assistance.
By providing your email address below, you are giving consent to Uber Technologies Inc. to send you the requested investor email alert updates.
* Required
Email Address
*
Mailing Lists
*
Press Releases
Events
Presentations
SEC Filings
Unsubscribe
Email Alert Sign Up Confirmation
Help Center
investor@uber.com
About us
Newsroom
Global citizenship
Safety
Blog
Careers
Gift cards
Products
Ride
Drive
Eat
Uber for Business
Uber Freight
Uber Health
Privacy
Accessibility
Terms
Facebook (Opens in new window)
Twitter (Opens in new window)
Youtube (Opens in new window)
Linkedin (Opens in new window)
Instagram (Opens in new window)
©
Uber Technologies, Inc.